Well, why don't we have the guest who watched it describe it for you?
That'd be probably better.
I'd like to hear it.
Marv?
Oh, well it just tells the story of Papadopoulos and the
The whole scam, the Russiagate scam from start to finish.
It wasn't about the Nixon.
It was about the Russian collusion investigation.
I played a big role in that.
They wanted to, as you know, they wanted to put me in prison because they thought I had a tie to Julian Assange, which I did not have.
And they offered me, they said they'd put me for a jury, put me in prison the rest of my life, jury in Washington.
They would hate me and convict me even if I was innocent.
Or I take their plea deal, admit I had a tie to Julian Assange, which then would have made their Russian collusion case against Donald Trump.
Well, I finally decided that I could not bear swearing to a lie before God and a judge that I had a tie with Julian Assange that I did not have.
So I refused the plea deal.
I told him to get ready to put me in prison the rest of my life.
And I went public with it, wrote a book on it.
And they never indicted me.
In fact, they closed the Mueller investigation.
And so I was dealing with Papadopoulos and Carter Page and the whole group of them, Roger Stone.
I was very deeply involved in the whole Russian collusion investigation.
And I suspect that when we get a new attorney general and we begin to examine those crimes, I'm going to be very involved again.
Because I have testimony against all of them.
I've got specific testimony that could be used in criminal cases against the entire Department of Justice that was involved in it.
I wrote a book on it called coup d'etat.
And it's done quite well.
That book, I think, will sell again.
And we'll be even more deeply getting into the story of the criminal nature of the Russian collusion investigation, which was predicated on a lie.
Because there was no Russian collusion.
It was all fabricated.
And I think that, again, this is the kind of thing that needs to be brought public and will be brought public more in the next bit of time.
I'm very much looking forward to it.
All right, wonderful.
We'll have to move on.
Thank you for that, Jerome.
Thank you, Marv.
So everybody, all the President's men, go and watch it on Netflix or wherever you consume your movies.
JJ, good to see you.
We will start this recording.
Happy Christmas.
As I said, I hope you all had a good Christmas, good Hanukkah, whatever you were celebrating.
It was Christmas.
What was Hanukkah, Charles?
I have no idea what it is.
Oh, well, that's a good opportunity to
to discover it and if we've got time at the end someone will be able to it's the Jewish eight days of celebration so is it on Australian recording in progress just give us a clue it's a Jewish it's a Jewish celebration of Christmas time okay so everybody welcome to Medical Doctors for Covid Ethics International with today's discussion again with JJ Cooey so we had him last week we didn't have a meeting on
on Christmas Eve, UK time, Christmas Day, Australian and other times.
This group was founded by Dr. Stephen Frost over three years ago.
He's a doctor, medical specialty, radiology.
I'm Charles Coves, former lawyer.
I won't do my full scale introduction.
I hope you all have a wonderful Christmas, Hanukkah, whatever celebration you want.
We're here, we have lots of professions here from all around the world.
If this is your first time here, please feel free to introduce yourself in the chat.
Most of us understand we're in the middle of World War Three and the medical science battle is only one of 12 battlefronts of this World War Three.
Someone has put in the chat already that King Charles, to quote the wonderful Susan, that he wrote a memo that individual country sovereignty should be abolished and a universal government for the
The World Economic Forum should be established.
There you are, everybody.
That's more than we are, really.
One world government.
So, there's no time for us to be tired.
Look after your health.
Be ready for the fight.
We're four and a half years into a seven-year war.
ISSB will probably go on much longer than that in lots of elements, but that's what we do here.
Most of us understand the development of science, and the science is never settled.
Anyone who tells you it's settled, as Michael Crichton says, reach for your wallet.
Some of us believe that viruses exist.
Some of us believe that viruses are a hoax and some of us are on the fence.
And many of us think that debating that issue is a waste of time.
And many of us think that we are negligent to not debate that issue.
So there you are.
We have lots of different views.
I had a meeting on the weekend from one of my very intelligent, allegedly experienced business colleagues.
And he said that Trump is going to destroy America.
So there you are.
I scratched my head.
I go, how anybody could think that?
is amazing when Biden and Kamala what they've done over the last four years so there you are that's the value of different opinions this meeting runs for two and a half hours afterwards for those with the time Tom Rodman runs a video telegram meeting Tom puts the links into the chat if you're able to join we will listen to JJ Cooey for as long as JJ wishes to speak and then we have Q&A Stephen Frost
By a long established tradition, ask the first questions for 15 minutes.
This is a free speech environment with appropriate moderating.
Free speech is crucially important in our fight to preserve our human freedoms.
We have a rule here of no ad hominem attacks.
So there's free speech and an ad hominem attack.
An ad hominem attack essentially is what you are saying is wrong versus you are an idiot for saying that.
Quite clear.
It's an attack on the people.
We are given examples every day in government, in Congress, in Parliament.
In Australian Parliament, they attack each other like by the kindergarten children.
It happens all around the world.
This, I don't allow as a moderator, ad hominem attacks.
You can attack an idea, but not the person.
If you're offended by anything, be offended.
We're lovingly not interested.
interested, we reject the offence industry that requires nobody to say anything that may offend another, and we similarly reject the triggering industry.
Don't say something that might trigger someone.
We come with an attitude and perspective of love and not fear.
Fear is the opposite of love.
Fear squashes you and enslaves you.
Love expands you and liberates you.
And the great challenge of the Christian message of love
is loving people who disagree with you.
It's a big challenge.
We disagree with people.
How do you love people who behave that way?
These twice weekly meetings are not just talk fests.
An extraordinary range of actions and initiatives have been generated from linkages made by attendees in these meetings, including Jerome Corsi getting publishing deals or offering publishing deals to people here and lots of other activities.
The meeting is recorded, is uploaded onto the Rumble channel.
And now welcome to our guest presenter again, J.J.
Cooey.
Thank you again, J.J., for giving us your time.
For those who didn't get the invitation, I'll do a quick rundown of J.J.'
's bio for the purposes of the recording.
J.J.'
's website is GigaOM Consulting.
He's a lifelong biologist.
He grew up in northern
What's WI?
Wisconsin.
Thank you.
Catching bull snakes and making plaster casts of bear tracks and fishing for bluegill.
His last faculty position was a member of the research faculty of the University of Pittsburgh.
School of Medicine until 2021.
His research focused on trying to connect structure to function using patch, clamp and optogenetics in the brain.
He's published work in science, natural neuroscience, PNAS and neurons.
His teaching resumes, he's a natural teacher.
His teaching resume started with substitute teaching in Chicago public schools in 1998 at the age of 21.
And in the 26 years since, he's taught neurobiology at university level in countries all around the world, including the Netherlands, Norway, Switzerland, and USA.
He has years of, Jojo has years of experience with academic science, having chased tenure on two continents.
The pandemic exercise forced him to reconsider all that he knew.
Jojo has been trying to share his unique pandemic awakening ever since.
And
JJ is convinced after years of careful study and direct contact with a number of the central actors that the childhood vaccine schedule in America is a criminal enterprise.
This was well known before the pandemic was declared.
The pandemic was a multinational military operation intended to use an expected rise in all-cause mortality across the Western world to create a mythology about gain of
function viruses that could be used to negate national sovereignty and enslave our kids.
As it happens, I totally agree.
I've been engaged in helping parents whose children are being damaged by vaccines in Australia for 14 years.
It is a criminal enterprise.
I call it out as a criminal enterprise.
And I quote Stanley Plotkin, the alleged godfather of children's vaccines in America, who has acknowledged that no vaccine ever in history has been properly tested for safety and efficacy.
JJ, Stephen Frost, thank you again for creating this group and for organising JJ to be with us.
And JJ, we are in your proverbial hands.
Charles, can I just say one thing before JJ starts?
I'm not sure, JJ, whether I've introduced you to Jerome Corsi,
But I think you've got at least one book in you, and he's a publisher.
So if I haven't introduced you, that's a big miss by me.
Sorry about that.
Have I introduced you?
You mentioned him after last week's talk.
JJ, I have watched a couple of your presentations.
And if you want to do a book, just let me know.
You certainly have the material for a book.
And when you're ready, let me know.
Okay, well First of all, let me just start out by saying that the last time that I was here my performance was a little bit subpar especially at the end with questions and Why I in no way shape or form want to try to defend myself here I want to remind everybody that two talks before that the same gentleman was telling us about the 666 in the in the Twitter logo that was on all of our phones and
as part of a 15 minute presentation before I gave my presentation.
So I was kind of, you know, I was already alerted that something weird was going on.
And when he insisted that he had exposed me or something like that, I guess at that stage I reacted very poorly.
But in my own defense, it's very hard to be one of the only people who can see the alien so clearly.
I want to be very clear.
I still have one main message and I want to kind of stick to it.
I'm going to move over to this screen.
I know I just heard Charles say it, but I think it is very likely that there are forces at work that make it
relatively irrelevant who's in the White House.
And even though we cheer for different teams in America, and it really feels like sometimes we're winning and sometimes we're really getting our butt kicked unfairly, that's actually all part of the theater.
And that's what makes it so engaging.
I can't stress enough how I think, especially in America, it's important for all of us to probe this possibility very deeply.
Because if we don't,
and it's true, we will effectively run into their trap at full speed because that's how they're going to run us into the trap in my estimation.
And so one of the guys that's in behind the scenes from the very beginning, last week I tried to encourage everybody that there's a lot of homework for everyone to do because actually all the information is still available on the internet.
You can go back
And you can find the videos and you can find who was saying what, when.
And one of the most interesting characters that slipped my radar for a long time is Steve Bannon.
Steve Bannon basically introduced most of the characters in the pandemic mythology, including Li Min Yan.
including Robert Malone, including a lot of these other places like the Epoch Times and promoting them.
He was on top of the lab leak idea in January 25th.
2020.
That's one of the earliest people to ever enunciate the full theory that the Chinese were having a Chernobyl event.
And it's not by accident, because actually Steve Bannon is probably the accepted godfather of the Q movement in America, which is also a complete nonsense movement.
that is embraced by a lot of people as being a real patriot or patriotic movement, and it's not.
It's the same kind of fake conservative circus on the Internet that Steve Bannon is responsible for coordinating and may indeed
be one of the people responsible for coordinating all of these people.
Remember, he also worked for Goldman Sachs, like Aaron Siri.
He knows how insider trading can be used to create a lot of money.
And then that's another weaponized pile of money that you can use for whatever reason you need to.
So make no mistake about it.
I don't think anybody's gonna come to our rescue.
I actually think that Americans need to rescue America from traitors within.
And that's why we are here.
I outlined this last week.
We are in a very broken state where half of the United States is very convinced that vaccines are the greatest discovery in modern medicine.
And the other half of the United States is at least skeptical, if not full on out.
The trouble is the people that are leading these two sides are both on the same team.
That's the reason why despite being fighting this battle against the vaccines or something to do with vaccines for more than 10 or 15 years, these people that are in front of us haven't usefully progressed their narrative, haven't usefully progressed their language, haven't usefully progressed their legal arguments, and instead we find ourselves here.
where we could have been five years ago, where we were five years ago, where we were 10 years ago in certain people's presentations.
And this is the key to see, because if we were making progress, then anytime somebody said it better, everybody on that team would adopt the language.
Anytime anybody made a significant win, they would adopt the language.
Anytime there was a wait a minute moment, everybody would adopt that new position, but that never happens in the anti-vax movement.
And I think that's one of the overarching signals that you can find that they brought us here.
CHD, ICANN, Heart, Panda, they all brought us here.
They're all
responsible for not making useful progress in five years.
CHD, as I pointed out last week, had the movie vaxxed and the movie vaxxed too.
At the beginning of the pandemic, they could have gone full court press and said, hey, guess what guys?
We've got two movies and they're great.
And they're going to tell you a lot about what you need to know before these new vaccines come out.
But did they do that?
Absolutely not.
not even remotely close to a strategy that would think about, let's say, taking advantage of the opportunity to move the ball forward.
But instead, they took the advantage to put themselves in the forefront while not actually taking a useful position on anything except for health freedom.
Now, I don't know how to explain it too many different ways, but I do know that this needs to be repeated and you need to learn how to repeat this to your family and friends.
The people that are running this show, that think on multi-generational time horizons, they already knew
that the big families after World War II and then the subsequent decline in family size was gonna result in a period of time in the future where we would have a top-heavy population pyramid, and that there would be an increase in all-cause mortality or an increase in end-of-life care necessary, and that could be a budgetary problem, could be a hospital shortage problem, it could be a public health problem.
And they have been planning meticulously how to use this huge opportunity to craft a narrative that would entrap generations to come.
And nobody from CHD, nobody from ICANN, nobody with a book in 2015 about the vaccine schedule has been able to get here yet.
And I would suggest to you, it's not because I am some kind of savant, it's because these people aren't actually trying.
And for the last five years, I have been, as best I can, trying to understand how it is, where we are, and where we're trying to go.
And I tried hard enough so that I got the attention of the biggest players and got my names in the biggest books, and now they all ignore me.
This is huge, ladies and gentlemen.
It's huge because there's very little evidence of what I'm trying to say that you can just see without working at it, without asking the questions yourself.
There's very little evidence you can see because no matter which direction you look on social media, you're going to see a military representation of a set of ideas that will never get you out.
Hamster wheels is what I've been calling them.
And these people on social media are responsible for curating those hamster wheels, maybe even identifying them and amplifying them.
They don't necessarily need to create all of the wrong narratives.
They just need to find people that are very excited about the wrong narratives and give them trinkets to keep them excited about that narrative.
And if they play along, they play along.
It's herding cats.
It's not, it's not herding sheep.
You got to find them doing things and then just keep them doing those things.
That's what they want.
And there is only one chance right now, only one chance where we can still keep our children effectively off of social media and not using it like idiots.
This is the last, this is the last opening.
and Robert Malone, and Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and Mary Holland, and none of these people are at all mentioning in the defense of children's health that we should get our children off of social media.
Now, I understand there's gonna be people in the audience saying, oh, but then what are you gonna do?
You're gonna control age on the internet?
Now Jonathan Cui is advocating for digital ID.
No, I'm not.
I'm advocating for parents to take the phones away from their kids.
I'm advocating for parents to make the decision for their kids not to be on Snapchat.
Not to have a phone to take to school.
I don't need the government to do that for me.
I need adults to wake up and apologize to their kids for ever not realizing how stupid that was.
We have one chance.
And I need everybody to see it as clearly as possible.
This is a population pyramid.
I didn't explain it very well the last time.
There are men on this side, there are females on the pink side, and represented by the horizontal bars are different age groups that you can see here behind me.
And so each age group is composed of five years of lifetime.
And so you can see the large families from World War II moving up the population pyramid as they age.
And what I'm suggesting to you is that the people that rule our world have seen this coming in the Western nations in particular, not in the third world.
That's why Africa doesn't have to worry about COVID.
They don't have this problem to manage.
And it is extraordinary how long I've been saying this particular thing, which is 2021, and then stopped saying it for almost a year and a half because of these people.
coming to my house, signal chats, telegram groups, phone calls, private Zoom meetings, steering committees, full-on jobs that pay $100,000 a year.
They did everything they could to get me to forget about this, to forget about this, and to move on from the biology, instead of saying what I've been saying for almost three years straight.
The protocols were murder.
It's not accidents.
It's not wrong.
It's supplementary oxygen used incorrectly.
It's ventilators used incorrectly.
It's midazolam used incorrectly.
It's antibiotics not used for a viral syndrome.
It's all of those things and they are all murder.
And anybody that was fighting for our grandparents that were murdered or our parents that were murdered should have been calling it murder a long time ago.
Grace was murdered.
Grace Shara was murdered in the hospital.
Gain of function is a mythology.
I think I've been saying that for almost four years, but three years for sure.
And it's an interesting thing that nobody really wants to talk about or acknowledge and just take and make some t-shirts of it.
I don't care, or prove me wrong.
And the reason why they don't wanna talk about that is because gain of function is a mythology, is the perfect way to imply that virology is also a mythology.
It's not a question of whether it's real or not.
It's a question of what it really means, and what those people mean by it, and whether they even understand what they're doing.
So the Scooby-Doo is real, and I'm gonna just make this point for sure.
They tricked us over the last five years into solving a mystery, and that's why now, right now in the United States, both the left and the right are kind of like considering the possibility that maybe China did leak something.
And all it takes is a spectacular commitment from all these people to the lie.
Jessica Rose, Nick Hudson, all of them are committed to the lie.
And you might say, yeah, but those people, those people are all really good.
They're not.
I know because even if they say it now, those people could have said it three years ago.
Nick Hudson, remember, just to remind you again, because it's a particularly beautiful data point, has three hour and a half presentations of me from 2022 and 2023 that he could put on the Rumble channel of Panda, but has not.
And I'm probably one of the only people who presented to Panda that doesn't have a video somewhere on Rumble.
And that's not by accident, that's by design.
The same reason why I have pages and pages of direct messaging on Twitter from Jonathan Engler of Heart and Nick Hudson of Panda.
Because they are meddlers.
They take information and they try to dilute it.
They try to pretend like it wasn't yours.
They try to pretend like it's theirs in order to
essentially try to distract from the idea that these things are real, that nobody's saying murder.
Even Nick Hudson is unable to say that they are murdering people because the vaccine schedule around the world is criminal and they need to murder people in order to manage that population pyramid problem.
And think about that.
Nick Hudson is an actuary.
Do you actually believe that Nick Hudson doesn't know that there's such thing as a population pyramid?
You really think Nick Hudson and Danny Rancor and that guy named Dodd who works for the life insurance industry don't know that these graphs exist and didn't know that there was a bump coming?
It's impossible for Nick Hudson the actuary and for
Dodd the actuary and for Denny Rancor, the polymath physicist number cruncher from May 2020, not to know of this signal.
It's impossible.
And the fact that none of them have said it, even though they know I've said it to them,
is evidence that they are collaborating against this mythology.
And so what I am suggesting is that the people that were there are put in place.
Everybody in the no virus group, quite a few of them were put in place.
I mean, look at this.
Tom Cowan had a book in 2018 about vaccines and autoimmunity.
In 2018,
And so think about the possibility that this guy could have just held up his book and said, Hey, look, you know, public health and biology, it's all kind of a lie.
And they're murdering people in the United States in order to cover that up.
But he didn't say it.
Still hasn't said it.
How simple would it be for him to say that viruses aren't real?
And they murdered people in America to make sure that we would believe it.
The vaccine schedule is criminal and they're murdering people in America to make us believe it.
Why hasn't he gotten there yet?
Why haven't the Bailey's gotten there yet?
Why hasn't James Lyons Weiler got there yet?
He was there in 2016.
Environmental and genetic causes of autism.
That doesn't say much about vaccines, I guess.
Wouldn't wanna step on anybody's toes in 2016.
They don't cite each other in any of their books either.
It's not like one anti-vax book says, hey, there was a book before me and a book before me, and those guys got some of those things right.
They just ignore all the other books that came before them and just write a book like they're the first person to ever talk about it.
I mean, once you see it for what it is, that Stephen Hatfield, the original guy that was accused of being the anthrax leaker in 2001, associated with Ebola and Rhodesia, associated with Meryl Nass and Robert Malone already with the Amerithrax vaccine back in 2001.
The last time I was talking to you, I said 2011.
It's actually 2001 that those three are associated with each other and the anthrax vaccine.
In 2019, the illustrious master of no virus, Andy Kaufman, was taking a grant from the state of New York to invent biotech devices to detect suicide in prisons.
And now we're supposed to believe that somehow or another he couldn't get to call it murder in New York.
They were murdering people with oxygen and ventilators.
The hospitals were empty, but they were murdering people.
They let people die in their homes with do not resuscitate orders.
But somehow or another, that never made it to the top of his discussion.
It was really just, you know, they don't culture viruses.
They don't isolate them and they don't purify them.
And I got this friend named Christine Massey, who's got all these FOIA requests who say that they don't do it either.
So rather than saying that they're lying and they're murdering people to cover the lie, these people got into these hamster wheels.
Semantic hamster wheels.
Methodological hamster wheels.
Genetic hamster wheels.
Molecular biological hamster wheels.
It doesn't matter.
As long as you don't say murder and lies, then it's all good.
Brett Weinstein, first year and a half locked down with a bandana and woodchop goggles.
It definitely was a virus.
I mean, AIDS came from bushmeat.
It's been many years, ladies and gentlemen, and this has not progressed.
We have not moved forward.
We have not woken up.
And if you see that in November, 2023 in Bucharest, Romania, Merrill Nass up there, not circled, Robert Malone and his wife,
Brett Weinstein, Jessica Rose, that's Harvey Reich.
There's Nick Hudson in the middle.
And who's Nick Hudson standing next to?
Nick Hudson is standing next to Stephen Hatfield.
Stephen Hatfield, the guy who said that Barney should be wearing a mask to teach children how to lock down.
That guy is on stage.
Right next to Nick Hudson in November of 2023, the guy who said that for the health of America, Barney the dinosaur should also be wearing a mask so that kids really get it.
He also said that people should wear a rubber apron when in taking care of their kids when they have COVID.
And those videos are still available for anybody that, you know, dares to ask a question.
That's the remarkable thing about it.
I'm not doing anything magic.
I'm just going and asking the relevant questions.
Like, what were these people up to?
And why would they be up to it with Steven Hatfill in Romania?
Why would Denny Rancourt choose Romania of all the places to go hang out with these people and have breakfast with them at the hotel?
Does that make you trust Denny Rancor more or less?
Does this make you trust Nick Hudson more or less?
What if I told you that Nick Hudson was on a cruise off the coast of Turkey with a lot of these people the year before this?
Would that make you feel better or worse?
Because these are all just truths.
Not everybody's aware of them, but I am because these people were talking to me about it.
Trying to explain to me that on that cruise, Robert Malone and his wife fought so much that they have to be real.
And that I definitely shouldn't attack Robert Malone anymore.
I can't make this stuff up.
It's real.
It's just what I can't forget it either.
I don't have to remember it.
I don't have any notes here.
What do I need notes for?
This is the trauma of my adult life.
These people lying to me like this.
And I think my testimony about these people is one of the best red threads that puts them into one gigantic show.
Keep in mind that Stephen Hatfield was on Steve Bannon's show in January, 2020, talking about a lab leak.
This is significant.
And this is a year ago.
And so Denny Rancor says that it's poverty level and household income, serious mental illness, obesity, and the excess mortality is a direct correlation across states to all of these things.
There's no correlation with age, he says.
Oh, sorry, true with and without the vaccines, not correlated with age.
So if it's not correlated with age, he says it's the vaccine.
But can you see what's, can you see the graph he's showing here?
Can you see the slope of it?
Maybe I should use this graph to show you how obvious the signal is.
Maybe I'll just use this graph to show you how obvious the signal is.
What if I just put this graph right here and let this thing run?
Can you please tell me that you can see that there's a signal coming?
That in 1980, there's already a signal coming.
I can see it.
All I had to do is put Denny Rancor's graph here.
You can see the slope in Denny Rancor's graph, which corresponds to this thing coming up here.
Can you see it yet?
And Denny Rancor says, this is nothing.
That slope that you see there is nothing.
That's not a rise in all-cause mortality at all, he says.
No increase in all-cause mortality because of opioids.
There's no correlation with age, but there's 500,000 people dead in the United States from opioids, but he doesn't seem to think that that number matters, even though they're not old people.
Can you see the signal coming yet, guys?
And can you understand why it would be that they would need people talking about all-cause mortality so early and so often?
There's Dodd over there.
This guy.
He never says it.
Harvey Reich never says it.
He's also an epidemiologist.
He's really smart.
We can't expect Sabine Hazan to say it because she's just, you know, an expert in talking shit.
And I mean that literally.
That's the name of the book that she's selling.
And she sequenced the COVID virus in the gut.
So that makes it real.
Why do we have a Canadian in front of the Senate?
Why do we have a Dutch or a Belgian guy in front of the Senate?
Why do we have these Romanian guys in front of the Senate?
Who are these people getting flown in, except for people getting flown in as part of Team Robert Malone, Team Kevin McKernan, Team Human Genome Project, Department of Energy, DITRA, I don't know.
There's no explanation for how we can be 2024 and be where we are.
There's no explanation for it at all, other than the fact that most of the people that got us here are in on it.
There's no other explanation.
And that's the reason why in America, we have Bloomberg saying that vaccines are crazy, crazy amazing.
And if we get Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
in the White House somewhere useful, then it could be a disaster.
And these other channels are finally solving the lab leak.
And of course, it's a gain of function virus.
Boy, we better regulate this stuff.
And I'm suggesting to you that the only way we got here is because Brett Weinstein.
because of Robert Malone, because of Pierre Cory, because of Peter McCullough, because of all of these people not having the principles to continue to speak out and move as they learned.
I'm not saying all of them knew, because I didn't know.
I didn't know in 2020 that this could all be a lie.
It never even dawned on me that it was possible.
And you notice, notice carefully how the no virus group wasn't very good at getting anybody on their side in 2020 or 2021.
They were so bad at it.
It was just extraordinary.
Because in the end, by 2021, I was already saying Mark Bailey's right.
Everything that Mark Bailey wrote in his farewell to virology is correct.
It doesn't get rid of the observations that are made.
It doesn't get rid of what happens in those experiments.
It gets rid of the conclusions that were drawn.
It gets rid of the implication of high-fidelity understanding that was implied by that work.
It doesn't mean that there's no biology there.
It doesn't mean that there's no molecular biology there at all.
It means that we don't understand it yet, that we need to revisit these observations to see where we went wrong and that there's scholarly work to do.
And I have said it many times, I think Mark Bailey made a good start.
I think Stephen Lanka made a good start on it.
But then again, I come back to the same thing.
Then why in all these years have you not said that they are murdering people in order to lie about this?
Why in all of these years have you not said that there is this population pyramid thing?
And they knew that all-cause mortality was going to go up.
And so what they did was they used this signal and misconstrued it as evidence of a public health crisis.
And they're using it to convince us that virology is real, but virology is not.
They're murdering people to hide it.
Why didn't they say that?
Because that wasn't on their script, ladies and gentlemen.
and it's still not on their script now.
Actually, Sunday, the 29th, 2024, I got an email right before this talk from Christine Massey, and I just want to read it out loud.
Hi, JJ, I'm 44 minutes into your latest rant on Stephen Frost's platform.
You've accused Andy Kaufman of being part of an elaborate hoax.
Yes, I have.
Can you please specify exactly what hoax he is allegedly a part of and cite your evidence for this accusation?
Again, I will cite the idea that he was connected to Cuomo directly in New York by a grant to produce biometrics for prisons in New York.
at the start of the pandemic, he took a very obtuse position on vaccines or medicine or the COVID or whatever, nothing useful, and definitely, definitely, definitely suggested that there was no murder going on, that they were lying about it, that there was nothing happening.
And that's not true.
We know now that they murdered people.
and I believe that he was part of it.
And I think there's five years of video evidence on Rumble and on Telegram groups and on Signal groups and on Twitter and everywhere else to see that if you go back to 2020 and then go to 2021 and try to remember in your goldfish memory that that's two years now and then go to 2022 and that's three years and compare.
what he was saying in 2020, and in 2021, and in 2022, and then rub your little Fu Manchu beard, and ask yourself the question, how the hell did he make no progress in three years, if he was so far ahead in 2020?
And you can ask the same question of Brett Weinstein, you can ask the same question of Robert Malone, or Pierre Kory, or any of these people.
And once you really do the math and realize that it's years,
They didn't learn anything.
And in those years was when I was a faculty member at a medical school crying to them, then losing my job and still crying to them, then getting hired by them.
You see the problem?
Then getting published with them.
And now I'm telling you that they're lying about it.
I'm telling you that I've figured out that they're lying about it.
And I'm burning all the bridges that I could have kept with all of these people.
And it's not enriching my family.
It's not making me famous.
And I don't care about my name.
I want somebody to believe that these people were involved in the same thing that they're involved in now.
The same thing that a lot of these sabotaged organizations are involved in now and have always been involved in.
Also, recall last May, you were still promoting a narrative involving four imaginary endemic coronaviruses, but never cited any valid scientific evidence to show that any exist because there isn't any such evidence, and claiming that the fraudulent COVID-19 PCR tests used to generate the fake cases were crazy specific.
Now, of course, this is again, remember, the secretary of the no virus people, this is the one that sends all the nasty emails to Mary Holland that I was supposed to answer two years ago, and I did.
And I tried to answer in a way that said, we can get together on the idea that there's no viruses if we make it a little more subtle, a little more nuanced argument, and I want you guys to get together about this, and they shot it down.
And instead, they did stuff like this, saying, well, why don't you give us more evidence of coronaviruses?
And I have been saying for at least two years now that the evidence that they have for coronaviruses in the wild is sequence evidence alone.
And so if you don't take the word of the sequences, then already the whole thing falls apart.
And I'm fine with that.
But they take those sequences and using standard methodologies developed in the Human Genome Project more than 10 years ago, maybe even 20 years ago, they create synthetic copies of those sequences in large, pure quantities that cannot be generated by any other means and do not exist naturally in nature.
And that starting point
when transfected, applied to a cell culture, transfected into a cell culture, can result in all kinds of changes that can be misconstrued as the effects of viruses.
And for the most part, RNA virology is done that way.
And ladies and gentlemen, I have been trying to get the no virus people and the CHD people to teach everybody this for more than two years.
That's what my red pill talk was about last year.
Brian Artis, for example, when he argues about venom, is telling you that they're making these proteins in huge quantities, but he seems to skip over the fact that in order to make those proteins in huge quantities, they have to do exactly what I am warning you about.
They have to make large quantities of pure DNA and then have bacteria grow them up into even larger quantities and then convert that to a protein.
In the case of the mRNA shot, they do that but they don't have to convert to protein because they can leave it at an mRNA.
They can use a commercial enzyme to convert that DNA to RNA and then that's their product.
It's a hundred times cheaper than making a monoclonal antibody.
Billions of doses are very cheap to make, and they didn't even need to make them, right?
Because of course, one of the things that I keep arguing is, is that none of these meddlers are talking about placebo.
Why don't any of these people talk about placebo?
I've been saying it for three years, that they could make a further argument of why people aren't always injured by the shot for a simple placebo substitution, which makes manufacturing easier, and it makes keeping track of the hot lots very much easier as well.
but nobody can get there in five years.
So they want me to give examples of endemic coronaviruses.
And I have been saying for the last couple of years that RNA cannot pandemic.
It can't be endemic.
That doesn't make sense.
Now, if I was not as good last May at saying it, I will submit that's probably true.
But again, rather than trying to build bridges, or get me on their team, or to try and work together to solve this problem, it is an attack.
Now what I want you to see, and I need you to see it very clearly, is that Christine Massey, and Andrew Kaufman, and Tom Cowan, and Zeck, and I don't know, there's one other one, and the Baileys,
are all part of a little group, they all have books.
And yet somehow or another, this guy, James Lyons Weiler, he's got an online university called IPAC.
He's on stage with CHD every conference they ever do.
He's raising money on his own nonprofit at CHD events, every time they have a CHD event.
He's got a book called, The Environmental and Genetic Causes of Autism.
It precedes Tom Cowan's book by two years.
And yet Tom Cowan and the no virus people have spent weeks harassing me and meddling with my ability to make a living.
to try and scratch my way back to sunshine.
They've never attacked him.
They've never criticized him, even though he's got thousands of more followers than me in any measure you could go on.
And he's actively having a university that supposedly teaches this stuff where he teaches immunology.
And yet she has the audacity to send me an email asking me to give her some evidence of some of this stuff, but not this guy with a book.
And it goes on and on and on and on like this.
In this new rant, you have insinuated that there are pathogens for which people need immunity.
So I'm asking you if you can cite valid scientific evidence for this claim.
Also, you make condescending and accusatory comments about the discussions of fluoride.
Can you explain what your problem with is with exposing the issues around fluoride?
And you can see, you can read it here.
mass drugging, uncontrolled experimentation without informed consent, using hazardous waste, acid, also contaminated with arsenic and other toxins.
It's all disingenuous, as disingenuous as the pushing of foyas for two years as evidence of something.
when every lawyer knows that the exact language that you choose and the exact honesty of the organization all has a lot to do with what your request finds.
And you can never really know for sure.
Now, here's the deal.
You know, because you were here, you saw it last time.
I've said it a million times and I'll say it again.
They need us to teach this to our kids.
Where is that coming from?
Why is that not in this?
Well, anyway, it doesn't matter, that's good.
The illusion that they've created is one that everybody agrees on, and please keep in mind, it's Peter McCullough, it's Jessica Rose, it's Brett Weinstein, it's Merrill Nass, it's Mary Holland, and they all say the same thing.
Well, I certainly had something strange.
I had something strange a couple times.
It was one of the strangest, heaviest sicknesses I've ever had.
I lost my sense of smell and taste.
And so they have all testified for five years that there was something novel, even if they are the most skeptical of people.
And interestingly enough, the people who say there's no virus are never called to the mat to explain the strange happenings.
I'm always asked that question.
Every time I speak, somebody says, yeah, but what about all the people that had this really strange sickness that they've never had before?
And these no virus people have never bothered to explain it, but they want me to explain it.
They want me to explain it.
And here's the deal.
They ran out the clock just like Robert Malone did.
They ran out the clock by sticking to their little part of the narrative.
That's the reason why in 2024, five years later, we are debating whether it was a lab leak or not.
Just like Steve Bannon said on January 25th, 2020.
Just like Stephen Hatfield implied in January of 2021, Stephen Hatfield's war room.
And five years later, that's where we are.
Because of a coordinated group of liars that extends beyond country borders and is probably paid by insider trading and social media money laundering through Substack and all these other things where you can just have fake followers.
You can even sell fake books on Amazon.
And that's why in 2020, I was already saying that the PCR was fake on a background.
And these people have been working me for five years straight.
That's why the only people that haven't visited your house, they haven't flown across the world to visit you in Pittsburgh.
It's 2024, that's where we are right now.
These guys want me to explain what's all about fluoridation.
I explained it yesterday.
You see fluoridation, it's down here at the bottom.
this processed foods, seed oils, fast food, cosmetics, sunscreen, air, water, soil pollution.
Everybody can get mad about that because we could agree about that 25 years ago.
Those are not even low hanging fruit.
Those are common sense things that in America we should have fixed decades ago, but we didn't because we had our head somewhere it shouldn't be.
And it's no different than the ridiculous argument about Israel and Gaza and what's going on there and not going on there.
And it's no different than the argument about Ukraine and what's going on there and not going on there.
It's fine to argue about those things.
Those are exactly the limited spectrums of debate they want you in because you don't have any way of getting any useful information about Israel and Gaza.
You got top secret access.
You know what Palantir's doing there?
Do you have any access to the Mossad files?
You know how to read Hebrew or something?
And the same thing with Ukraine.
Even the known history of Ukraine is probably curated in a way to make it obvious that there's bad guys and good guys in a way that completely hides what's actually going on there.
I don't think I know what's going on in Ukraine, but I know for sure that they're lying about it.
And the crazy part about it is, is that some of these same people that have been experts during this nonsense five years are also now experts on some of these political things.
And none of them will bother to take this language.
Look, intramuscular injection is dumb.
I said it last time and I wanna say it again.
We need to focus on this idea because think about how important it is if it's true.
If you can't, as an MD, figure out the exceptions to that, or why, well, he's exaggerating, he can't say that.
If you can't come up with a very succinct reason why that's wrong, we have a very big problem.
If you can't figure out that Robert Malone is the inventor of transfection and two other people on that patent that nobody talks to.
Funny, huh?
Now, transfection is a real thing that we already knew how it worked and we already knew it would be criminal.
And that's why I lost my job at the University of Pittsburgh.
That's the truth.
That's 2021.
And ever since these people have been trying to get me to talk about something else other than this and the population pyramid, because it bothers them.
And then some years later, thanks in part to the persistence of the no virus people and the good writing of Mark Bailey, I got to the stage where I could put it in three words.
Don't need to download a PDF, just read.
RNA cannot pandemic.
And any academic biologist worth their salt could think about it for a second and be like, wow, that's interesting.
Viruses are not pattern integrities.
It's a little bigger idea, but I think it's something worth fighting for.
And none of these people are doing it, including the no virus people that I tried to give the top two already three years ago.
I just wanted to bring CHD and the no virus people together.
on the idea that they were never vaccines.
They were always transfection, very old technology based on recombinant DNA.
And interestingly, the exact same reason why infectious clones are so interesting, because that's the term.
That's the semantic sheet that gets hidden, gets pulled over everybody's eyes when they use recombinant DNA to do virology in cell culture or in animals.
All of it is done with recombinant RNA and DNA.
And if that's the starting point, then they're not recapitulating anything in nature.
They're saying they find a sequence.
And then since the sequence won't grow by itself, we have to use industrial methods to make the sequence.
And then we can use a pure quantity of that sequence in cell culture to get a handle on what that sequence does in the wild.
And that is an extraordinarily amazing why.
that Peter Daszak is involved in, and Tony Fauci's involved in, and Kevin McKernan is involved in, and everybody who sits on the assumption that RNA can and does pandemic, and that RNA can and is endemic.
It's not possible.
That's not biologically possible because these are just molecules, they're not pattern integrities.
And so,
I'm not really sure, I don't wanna say too much more because I think I wanna be plenty open for questions, but I think the best way to summarize it is very simple.
At any time in 2020 or 2021, any of these people, like I would suggest the earlier your book about vaccines came out, the more the onus would be on you to be ahead of us on this.
If your book came out in 2016, or you had a book in 2018, I don't think you can really explain away the fact that you're not already calling the vaccine schedule criminal, and that they murder people in order to hide that.
That there is a population pyramid problem in the West that needs managing, and that's why they murdered people in Scotland.
That's why they murdered people in the Netherlands with a shortage of healthcare workers and a lack of antibiotics.
People died of urinary tract infection in the Netherlands and Scotland and other places in the UK, and that is murder.
And it's not just because they said it was COVID and it wasn't COVID.
No, they murdered people and then called it COVID.
That's very different than even letting people die.
They murdered people.
because otherwise the peaks wouldn't have been there, do you see?
The all-cause mortality expected from this ever-increasing bump in the population pyramid, that wasn't necessarily going to just go in one go, right?
If those are rich people, those people are in Medicare, then we should be spending money to keep them alive.
And in America, the last six months of a person's life costs about a half a million dollars on Medicare or Medicaid, whichever one it is, I apologize for not knowing.
But that's important to see because if you can just kill those people instead of doling out that six months, well, that's a pretty big bonus, especially if in addition to that, you're gonna pay those corporate hospitals for that death because it's a crisis and COVID deaths are worth about $50,000.
It's murder and lies.
And we need to go back to 2020 and 2021 and 2022 and see that they were murdering people and lying about it.
They were letting an opioid crisis in America go wild and lying about it.
And then people like Pierre Corey perpetuated the myth that this was all evidence of COVID and creating a decrease in life expectancy in America.
Wow, scary.
The same guy who told us that we needed to use pure oxygen in hospitals up to 60 liters a minute.
And nobody, none of these people are talking about the fact that if you wear a mask all day, that your pulse ox might go down.
And none of these people are talking about the fact that the FLCCC said, while you're wearing a mask, if your pulse ox goes down to 94, you better go to the hospital.
So then you'd go to the hospital and you get pure oxygen.
And we've already known since the late 80s, that pure oxygen or even 80% pure oxygen without proper controls and humidification,
will cause extreme detrimental damage to the lungs called ARDS.
And none of these doctors, Pierre Cory, none of these doctors, Robert Malone or Jessica Rose or any of these people are talking about how supplemental oxygen was used to kill Grace Shara and hundreds if not thousands of other people in the hospital.
It's not the last thing they were on, it's the first thing they were given.
that caused all of the symptoms in their lungs to go haywire and ask for further treatment.
The very progression of the disease only occurring in hospitals that Denny Rancor noticed can probably be tied directly to the use of supplemental oxygen by untrained staff without the proper equipment to manage it.
And then those people being placed on vents.
Remember, supplemental oxygen was used because we were running out of vents.
Remember that Elon Musk was going to convert one of his factories to make vents.
You know, the same Elon Musk that now got Donald Trump elected and is going to clean up our government.
I don't know what to tell you, ladies and gentlemen, but I think we've got them.
I think we really do.
I think if you want to, you don't need me.
You can do the work.
It's just the right search terms in the YouTube search engine, in the Rumble search engine, and you will find videos from 2020, and you will see that these people were seeding a Scooby-Doo narrative that we have solved over five years, and that they didn't make any progress for five years.
They just kind of ran around in circles with their heads cut off, focused on one thing or another thing,
and never focused on the murder, never focused on the predicted rise in all-cause mortality that could have bankrupt any of our countries if let gone, unchecked, and unmanaged.
And instead now we have the Magnificent Seven, including Steve Bannon, marching into the White House supposedly.
I guarantee you none of those people are gonna be there.
There's no way.
And if they are, then it's even further evidence of a sort of ridiculous theater that cannot be taken seriously anymore.
America is in big trouble.
That's for sure.
If I'm wrong about some of these things and I'm wrong about some of these people, then it shouldn't change what they can do with the words, choices that I've come up with.
So the bottom line is, is that it feels very disingenuous to me that these people after five years haven't at least said, well, Jay's a dick, but he says some things really well.
And I'm sorry, but if these guys were really trying to win, then that should have been their conclusion a couple, three years ago.
Jay's a creep.
Boy, I don't like him.
He's angry all the time.
He's wrong about a lot of people, but man, oh man, when he summarizes biology, boy, he's spot on, dead on balls accurate, but they don't.
Instead, they send emails asking for evidence of coronaviruses or evidence of contagion or asking me why I'm so against fluoride or something like that when they know that's wrong.
So that's where we are.
I think 2025 can be really hopeful because we have the language, we have the language.
And if we wanted to have more of the language, I've got more of it and other people might have more of it.
We could work together to get the best one page of language together that would end this, but these people don't wanna do that.
So I think some of us should try to do it.
I think I have been trying to do it for a couple of years now.
And every day I push stream, I think I'm gonna break something and nothing ever breaks.
But I've had this slide or a less accurate version of it for almost three years now.
And all of these people have seen it.
They've all gotten it in an email.
They all know that, okay, some of you want to argue about viruses, that's fine.
But you could start here and say, we really like what Jay says here, but he's wrong about viruses.
And then we would be making progress.
And they could have done that in 2021.
And they didn't.
They knew my name.
They even did a whole stream with me, the six of them or five of them together to talk about how infectious clones are.
He hasn't given us any evidence of infectious clones.
The entire PubMed archive is infectious clones, which is what?
It is recombinant DNA produced the same way that they produce it in all other commercial applications to make antibodies or make venom.
except they don't have to go all the way to the protein.
They don't have to purify a protein.
They just make a lot of DNA using a big bacterial culture.
They lyse the bacterial culture, isolate the DNA, pass it through a commercial RNA.
And now you have the RNA that you can call a transfection or you can call an investigational vaccine and pad yourself on the back for having saved the world.
and it's the exact same technology that they use when Metobiota or Peter Daszak says, we found a sequence.
Well, then they go and they order it from some company that like Kevin McKernan would be at, and they get a tube in the mail with pure DNA that couldn't be produced any other way.
And then that's what they start with when they do virology.
And that's also what they start with when they do gain-of-function research.
So gain-of-function research is not anything special.
It is just synthetic DNA and RNA transfected into cell culture and then elaborate stories told about what those experiments mean and what they represent as potential dangers.
So I don't know what to say.
I agree with Mark Bailey.
I think Mark Bailey's probably the closest to a true player in the no virus people.
I'm absolutely convinced that Tom Collin and Andy Kaufman were hired and are doing a schtick.
I don't know if Christine Massey knows, she could just be naive and believe in these people and they could have convinced her a long time ago and been very loyal and that's fine.
But I assure you, just like CHD, there are sabotagers in all of these little conclaves of ideas that refuse to sort of
touch each other.
The no-virus people have never even come close to touching the anti-vax stance of the CHD.
They're just all garbage.
And that is by design.
And that's because they're there to do that.
CHD's not making any more progress than the no-virus people and not making any more progress than the natural virus people.
It's all the same set of hamster wheels.
And once you realize that,
You can see how cheaply the people that run this show could populate all of these places, especially if they had control over social media, which you already know they do.
Elon Musk and Peter Thiel control the keys to several very key and in play social media including Telegram and Gab and Substack and Stripe and Twitter and X and PayPal and all of these things that in the background are moving money, moving influence and herding cats.
And people like us who have been thinking that, you know what, if we just keep streaming and we keep sharing, then eventually we're going to get enough subscribers that we're going to be okay.
I have had 3,100 subscribers on Twitch for the last three years.
I've had 14,000 followers on Twitter for the last three years until this year when I went down to 13,800.
And so it could be that I have nothing to say.
It could be that I have no new message.
Or it could be that, like a lot of people who have been censored, you don't see them.
You can't find them.
It might even look like people are seeing my tweets, but they're not.
Nobody sees them.
And that's the point.
You can't rise on social media if social media is pre-programmed.
And every single one of these platforms, you should treat as pre-programmed.
that all the people that are put in front of you are pre-selected from a group of maybe thousands of people that want to be, and hundreds of people that were screened.
And you only need to see 40 or 50 in your YouTube feed before you won't realize that 40 or 50 of them are put there.
And I assure you, all the marbles are at stake.
We're talking about multi-generational enslavement.
So if it takes a few hundred people to be on the internet for a few years and lying consistently together, that's child's play.
If you want to believe that Robert Malone is selling a book through CHD, and that book is called The Psywar, but he's not going to tell you that The Psywar is composed of hundreds of people placed online that don't have to pay rent, or worry about where their money comes from, or do their own tech, or even cut their own videos.
Do you know how long it takes me to cut a video when I just want to cut me and two cameras on the basketball court?
It takes me like four days to make that video by myself.
And if I make that video, then I'm not coaching basketball.
I'm not making a slide deck like this.
I'm not posting shorts on Instagram or doing anything else.
I'm just watching my own video over and over again and editing every cut and editing all the subtitles and all the other bullshit that's involved in editing a video that none of these people ever have to do.
because they have a staff, because Rumble paid for a studio in their backyard, because these people are part of an elaborate international illusion that is designed to enslave our children after we teach them that the gain-of-function mythology that's on TV is real, that the pandemic really happened, and that vaccines usually work, but sometimes people are hurt.
And it's as simple as saying intramuscular injection is dumb, ladies and gentlemen.
And if we start there, and if we really did just start there, do you realize we would win also on 5G?
Because 5G does not work if you don't inject something into the person first.
You can't put a 5G tower outside of my house and crank it up, then I'll just move.
If it's not close enough, it's not gonna matter.
But if you put something in my body,
and I do believe there are things that they can put in your body, then yes, 5G, even 4G, even regular radio waves could potentially, magnets could potentially be dangerous.
And that's the point.
intramuscular injection is dumb.
And so I don't need to bitch about 5G and scream and yell about what I know and don't know about 5G.
What I do know as a ham radio operator for 30 years, and as a guy who was an electrophysiologist and has done actual optogenetic experiments that are published in actual journals, I can tell you that this kind of controlling of the brain or manipulating of the brain from remote is absurd.
It's absolutely absurd.
That's very different than me saying that I don't believe people get headaches from their phone.
Of course they do.
It's very different than me saying that nobody's sensitive to Wi-Fi, because I'm sure there are.
But understanding those mechanisms and weaponizing those mechanisms is ridiculous, because first and foremost, in order for that to happen,
Ultimately, they need us to give this sovereignty up.
And that's why I think this is the most important thing.
5G can be paused.
If we got everybody to stop taking intramuscular injections, all of this would end.
All of it would end.
They don't have anything if we don't take intramuscular injections.
What are they gonna do, send us pills in the mail?
What can they do?
They can't do anything.
The real thing to realize is that our children only need to understand that.
Everything else goes away.
Transfection is a big detail then.
Because of course you're not going to transfect yourself.
It's an intramuscular injection.
So I think this is crucial.
RNA cannot pandemic is great for biologists.
Transfection is great for people who should have done known better and have familiarity with that word.
But intramuscular injection is dumb as something that even somebody at a gas station could go, wait a minute, really?
And there is real biology to support that.
And I think the real biology to support that is the thing that I want to leave off with.
I just want to draw it in a cartoon the way that I've drawn it before.
I want you to think of yourself as a bit of a tube and that's it.
And you shouldn't really think of yourself as any more than a tube.
And the food comes in one end and it goes out the other.
And you also get some air in here and that goes out the same end.
Well, occasionally some air comes out the other end as well, but that's not usually inhaled air.
But the point is, is that this is a tube.
And so, on the inside of and the all barriers of your body are aligned by epithelial cells.
It doesn't matter whether you're talking about on the outside or whether you're talking about on the inside, there's a lining of epithelial cells.
And epithelial cells are the gatekeepers of our bodies and they decide what gets absorbed and how it gets absorbed and whether it gets actively transported or not.
And those mechanisms are well understood in the gut and well understood in the skin to a certain extent, but they also understand beyond a shadow of a doubt that there is another layer of that system there with several autonomous cells that seem to serve some role as gatekeepers in terms of even gatekeeping the ability of things to pass between
epithelial cells.
And so, we understand a little bit about that and we call that the immune system.
We also have a couple other evidences of the immune system that if anybody asks you, I don't believe in the immune system.
There's evidence that there's some system there and there's a couple anecdotal things that you can point to.
One would be the way that the body reacts to tissue transplants and how we can reasonably predict
that some tissue transplants will be relatively successful and others are very likely to not be successful.
And that has something to do with these cells.
Now, to what extent these cells learn or memorize molecular memories to pathogens or some signal in nature is up for debate.
And I'm fine for that being up for debate.
But what I'm not fine for is the idea that if we understand this broad biology
where an inside of our body is protected from the outside by a barrier, then trying to augment the effectiveness of that barrier by injecting medicine beyond it is logically incorrect.
It is on its face objectionable.
And if we can on its face object to vaccines, then there is a case from the 80s, I believe, in Idaho, which already established that as a legal precedence, that if the intervention itself doesn't make sense, then a mandate for it or a government support of it cannot exist.
And so somebody tried to challenge some vaccine thing in Idaho and challenged it on the basis that the vaccine itself wasn't working and it didn't work.
And so that's why they were challenging it.
And the court said that was a legal way.
I don't know the details of it, because I'm not a lawyer, but I do know that there's a little kink in the armor there.
And this would be the big biological picture that I don't think there's an academic biologist in America or in the EU that could make a useful argument against it.
I don't care how many details you add or how much more you know about payers patches than I do.
This means checkmate.
If you understand the immune system like I do, if you understand the immune system like Tony Fauci does and NIAID does, then this is real.
It's got an orientation, it faces outward.
And outward is also inside of your gut.
And that orientation is there and it's functional.
So if you try to augment it or interact with it at the opposite orientation, you won't interact with it usefully.
And so on its face, methodologically, intramuscular injection of medicine to augment healthy people is dumb.
I think that's really where we are.
I think that's the best way to end it.
I think that's what we should discuss.
I don't think we need to get into a big argument about how high-fidelity information we have about coronaviruses or not.
We know that there's a huge background of molecular noise that metabiota has been making a living on for decades, and NIH has been making a living on for decades.
And the fidelity that they claim to have is just not there.
And I agree with, as much as I know about Mark Bailey, I agree with him.
But as much as I know about these other people, I know that they've been playing a very disingenuous game.
And it has resulted in a lot of suffering for a lot of people and a lot of murder that has yet to be brought to justice.
So I think everybody's got homework to do and videos to download and people to re-examine.
And I suggest that you also re-examine me.
Go and look at my track record and find my videos and find my quotes in the Washington Times and see on my website what I admit to, that I was fooled.
I lost my job at the University of Pittsburgh because I wanted to speak out against transfection, but also,
but also because I was convinced it was a lab leak.
And that's what also made me so excited about telling everybody what I knew because it was that desperate that they were going to use this lab leak as an excuse to call transfection an investigational vaccine.
And that's crazy because it's crazy.
And that's about all I could say, but that's what I was saying.
And I think all of us know, I think all of us have known, it's just how far are you willing to go?
How far are you willing to accept it?
I'm willing to go to the point where I will say,
that I don't think that Donald Trump was shot.
I think that that was fake.
And I think that the people that were involved with it are the same people that are involved with controlling or getting Bobby Kennedy into the White House.
There's a couple real obvious reasons why it was faked.
The first one is,
that his sons have never bragged about either the lack of scar or the scar.
We've never seen a picture of the scar or the lack of scar.
And that's a very, very big problem.
And if you see that for what it is, it doesn't even mean that Donald Trump necessarily has to, he could regret it now.
It could have been something that he went along with not knowing exactly how bad it was gonna be or how bad it would be.
But without a doubt, the fact of the matter is, is that a lot of these people, and get this in your heads, a lot of these people that were on the fear and cleavage site in 2020, a lot of these people that were on the spike protein in 2020,
also spent three weeks after Donald Trump was shot to talk about how many shooters there were, and whether they were on the water tower or not, and whether the Secret Service was in on it.
All of them were united in the discussion of that, and they all did it together.
And that's not by accident or because of its current events.
It's because that's how the narrative is curated on the internet.
It's by a coordinated group of people that keeps us running forward and keeps us focused on the next thing.
And if we allow that to happen, then we'll essentially miss the opportunity to, number one, remove our kids from social media, and number two, teach our kids and teach our current doctors that intramuscular injection is not all it's cracked up to be.
In fact, it's pretty dumb.
That's it.
Okay.
JJ, thank you for sharing.
Again, great work.
Now, Stephen's going first set of questions.
JJ, one problem.
Oh, sure.
I'm a former lawyer.
I'm a legal strategist.
I finished law school in 1973, so 51 years ago.
And
And the law courts have a problem, JJ, and I just bring it to people's attention that I have no problems with your proposition on criminality and murder.
However, they need to be proven.
And listening to you, I'm going, hmm, which experts do we bring before the courts to support the proposition?
Because judges know shit from clay about what you've just been talking about.
Okay.
And I want everyone to understand, gosh, if you're a judge and not a biologist, and indeed, JJ, we've all been fooled, or as I said at the start, I've had 14 years of understanding this.
And, you know, I love that's why we come here to express our views.
What do we do with the judges?
How do we get
a judge to understand.
And I want you to think about this because we go, which experts can the courts rely upon?
And if the experts have been bought, they've got great names.
They can stand up there with all these qualifications and say, here's the expert.
And the judge says, I prefer Tom Cowan to JJ.
And that's what they do.
And it's a real problem for all of us.
And so
Think about this and Jay, it ties into what you're suggesting that we do our homework because here's the rule.
The courts follow culture, they don't create culture.
And so what we have to do is what you're saying is to, in the court of public opinion, so that the judges stop just listening to, choosing from a bunch of experts.
And therefore, our knowledge around this, what you're encouraging us to do, is to learn this stuff so that we can talk to our neighbors, so that the court of public opinion says intramuscular injection is dumb.
Stop it.
And perhaps that leads to then the children of judges and the grandchildren of judges not being
injected so that the judges are sitting there and really hammering any expert who says intramuscular injection is a good thing.
Does that make sense?
Yeah.
This problem of competing experts for the judges and so and the judges will are influenced by by public opinion.
And that's why demonstrations in front of courts happen because they work.
Food for thought, everybody, because I want you to think about if you're going to court, which expert, based on what we've just heard today, which expert are we going to use?
All right.
That's what I wanted to say.
It's somewhat of a rhetorical question, but it's a real problem because you can't prove something's criminal until the judge says it's criminal.
All right.
Stephen next 15 minutes is yours, buddy And I can see your face how pretty with a tie.
What's the story with a tie?
I've never seen Stephen Frost with a tie Yeah, I do wear ties occasionally, especially when I was working in the military But anyway, otherwise it'll get through got thrown out of the officers mess but anyway
JJ, so talking about these experts, so I think the expert who is trying to help the judges should be able to say there was no pandemic in the London.
And furthermore, there was no COVID-19.
That would really, and furthermore, it would be very helpful if people like Mark Bailey,
and others who maybe agree that they could say that they're medical doctors and they are experts in interpreting the as far as human beings are capable of analyzing everything interpreting a medical purported medical emergency and I think that
You know, JJ, I'm a big fan of yours.
I think it's obvious to you that there was no pandemic and that there was no COVID-19 even.
though to me as a medical doctor that is absolutely well I can't say there's no doubt but I think I'm 90 10 saying that in my opinion as a medical doctor there was no pandemic and that is the most important message to the public and as Charles has just said we need to influence public opinion so saying that intramuscular injections are
shouldn't, it's dumb, and also to say that, again, the function is mythology, the average member of the public doesn't understand that.
So I think you're missing a trick by not simplifying it and saying the obvious stuff like there was no pandemic and there was no COVID-19, or at least that's extremely likely in my opinion.
And until people are prepared to hypothesize without proving it beyond reasonable doubt, or beyond the balance of probabilities, or proving it as a scientist, we're never going to get out of this trap, because they are doing things.
You were the one who suggested it to me.
You said, gain of function.
This was about two years ago, and that really got me going.
You gave me the idea that
what they say they can do they're not capable of doing but it's enough to just say it to create the fear to get everybody into the matrix of a pandemic occurring every five years or whatever and the only people are going to be able to save us are the politicians who are advocating world government
And we've just had the king of our country saying that we need to get rid of nation states, essentially, and we need to have world government.
The guy is an absolute nutter, and he's our king.
At least I live in a country where I can be confident that I won't be dragged off to prison for criticizing the king.
Well, I think I can, tomorrow.
So anyway, there are some good things about the UK, for example that, but the guy is an absolute tosser, Charles III.
If let me just be a devil's advocate for a minute if if The the worst-case scenario stories from people like Catherine Watt are true and The US military has has killed people with toxins or kill boxes or whatever other operations that that they claim is here Would it would it be Would it be?
then I guess I had it in my head and now I dropped it.
I want you to consider that without the requisite knowledge, no matter what you say, there was no pandemic.
It's not gonna be good enough.
So in other words, let's say there's no war in Israel right now.
You could say that because there isn't.
There's no war in Israel right now.
There's not a conflict going on.
A lot of people don't even think what happened in October when they used hand gliders and stuff.
A lot of people think that wasn't even real.
But saying there's no war happening in Israel,
is not really correct because there's people being murdered there and killed there and shooting and bombs all the time.
So there's something happening there.
And so I think that the very dangerous position of there is no pandemic is exactly what people like Tom Cowan and Andy Kaufman said without
any details, without any qualifications, without any description of what that meant.
And what that did was that left people with all these images of Israel and all these images of dead bodies and all these news reports of bombs and fighting, and then these people over here saying there's no war in Israel.
And I don't think that you can underestimate how dangerous that position was in 2020 and how dangerous it remains now.
Something very bad happened.
It was a coordinated bad thing.
And saying that there was no pandemic will turn a lot of people's brain off.
And if I notice they have, sorry, go on, JJ.
No, I just think that if you say something like intramuscular injection is dumb, at least they have to think about it.
If you say there's no pandemic, they can, oh, there he is, another one of those guys.
That's like saying, anti-vaxxer doesn't mean anything anymore without some level of nuance.
But that's the response I used to get, but I don't get that response now.
Okay.
So once they hear that I'm a doctor,
and that I look a bit serious about this subject, they actually want to listen because they are very doubtful themselves about what happened.
They don't understand what happened.
And nobody, as you rightly said, all these people who made great progress at the beginning in 2020 and 2021,
They didn't do anything in the last three years, I agree with you.
Why aren't they speaking out about this and saying people need to be held responsible?
Why aren't people outside the COVID inquiry in the UK demonstrating and saying this is all nonsense and calling people out by name?
Because actually they've all been encouraged to believe that it's all over now and we don't need to do anything because human beings are very lazy.
So I do think that
The public are incredibly confused about what's happened.
They've been psychologically tortured by their own government, and they are actually mystified as to what happened.
So someone coming along and planting a seed that there was no pandemic, and someone else coming along the same day and encouraging that seed to grow by saying the same thing, I think could work.
Nothing else is going to work.
expose these.
We think these people are liars.
I think they've lied about everything.
Anyway.
I know I'm with you.
Okay.
Yes.
So go ahead, Charles.
Let's let someone else.
Okay.
All right.
We've got lots of hands up now.
I'm concerned about the order of hands going up.
You need to, everybody, please understand that Zoom plays tricks on us because
I think Mark, or Anderson, Mark had their hands up first.
Now, Thorbjorn, you're first, and on my screen, and it keeps chopping and changing.
We'll be efficient.
If you're efficient in your answers, Jay, then we'll get through them.
Charles, you're the moderator, so I trust you to, but I will say this.
JJ is the guest.
And so he gets to decide whether he wants to answer the questions.
If he doesn't want to ask the questions from Anders and Mark because they're aggressive, that's fine with me.
He doesn't need to.
It's fine.
I won't lose my cool this time.
And we're not having ad hominem attacks.
Remember the distinction, everybody.
You can express the view.
And I agree, Stephen, with you that none of our guests have to answer any question like, you know, Jay, when did you stop masturbating?
You know, that's the classic question.
When did you stop beating him up?
That's the problem.
No, I'm joking, JJ.
All right.
On my screen, I've got Thorbjrn, then Anders, then Mark.
So go, Thorbjrn.
You go first.
Thank you.
First of all, there is this documentary called Watch the Waters.
And that's what I've been doing for the last years.
I'm coming from
14 years of experience when it comes to nanotechnology.
I don't like the word agendas and yet many people around the world are talking about the agenda that is moving from one year to another.
the World Health Organization has been, they have an agenda and in their agenda on an official level, they're talking about
how they're going to distribute their economics.
And nanochemistry, nanophysics, nanotechnology is 17 out of 24 different issues.
So nanotechnology is quite the core of the matter.
And
I have discovered what scientists, professors and medical doctors have found in a different way than all of these people.
Namely, in nature, in raindrops.
in drinking water, and it's far from being chloride or the usual things that we have more or less been aware of as not good for the health in the drinking water, that is.
So, and there is quite some speculation on different usage of filters when it comes to buses, tramways and airplanes and so on, and the usage of filters will help a lot for the agenda to just spread
nanochemistry through the filter because I know from experience how easy that is to just spread out.
So JJ is spot on when he's talking about how easy it is to manipulate
different RNA-based codes and why not some parasites and back and forth on that level.
And it's actually called lipid nanoparticles.
It used to be a necessity to go through the process of what was used to call CRISPR technology.
But now you can forget about the CRISPR technology because of lipid nanoparticles.
They have a split nature.
They're partially metallic and partially biological.
And the biological spectrum of those particles
are not good for health because they're all sick.
They're all certainly not fitting into the immune system or the stem cells.
And so they get kind of muted as soon as they get into the body.
But it's not only through the vaccines, it's also in the air.
And so
I don't want to be the first one and certainly not the last one to talk about chemtrails, you know, but I have written a lot of texts where you're changing the point of view from chemtrails into nano chemical gases, because I've made them.
Let's say, for example, that if I were to challenge people on this platform or any other platform, if the ladies and gentlemen have ever sat down and created graphene oxide and know what it means.
That's just an example.
The experience of having created graphene oxide
Well, there is two ways to do it.
Either you create graphene oxide using lead,
straight from the metal and black nanoparticles.
That's how you create so-called oxide.
It's not an oxide.
It's trillions of nanocapsules.
That's what it is.
And that concerns all the other nanochemical oxides as well.
All of them.
They are nanocapsules.
They are the hidden enemy that the
the psychopaths or the Mengele guys are using.
That's the trick.
That covers and explains that the invisible enemy and the information war
because if you can't speak the non-chemical language, then not professors that are more or less corrupt or any kind of AI mechanics will just tell you that you don't know what you're talking about.
This is all wrong.
just because you don't know the language.
So what I did in order to make this more as simple as possible for the Norwegian people at least, and now my writings are coming up out in several languages, and that's been going on for many years now.
Many years, I mean, the last two, three years.
Well, I've studied and translated American patterns.
And it's obvious.
It's in the patterns.
You can see all kinds... Thorbjrn, hold that thought.
Stephen, I think we should have Thorbjrn do a presentation to us, if this is so important.
Because we've got a lot of questions and we're tight for time.
So, Stephen, are you happy to present to us, Thorbjrn?
Oh, I would...
It will be my dream.
Excellent.
Great.
So, Stephen, if you send Stephen your email in the chat, we'll talk about that.
Do you have a question of JJ?
Because we've got to keep moving through.
Or you've shared the view on the lipid nanoparticles, the relevance of nanocapsules.
I've taken a note of that.
JJ, any comment or Thor Bjorn, is there a specific question?
To end, I really have a question to JJ, and that is actually, what is his take on nanotechnology in medicine?
I think I would stick with just what I said in the talk.
First of all, they have to have access to you, so if you don't let them inject you, then nanos, for a lot of reasons, are not that big of a danger.
I understand that they could deploy them in many ways and put them in food or other things like that, but I think intramuscular injection is a particularly diabolical way to put things into people's bodies that cannot be
you can't get a better way in.
So for me, all the other ways in are less dangerous and certainly will be harder for them to get away with and harder for them to achieve what they would want to achieve.
I think nanotechnology and medicine is for the most part still kind of a pipe dream and I could just be naive, but we have to be very careful
to allow people to create things that are not that different from chemicals or from proteins or from, I mean, if you engineer a protein and the protein moves, is that a nanomachine or is it a protein?
If you make an antibody that can spin because of the nature of its chemical bonds, does that make it a nanomachine instead of a protein?
And for me, a lot of this is creating a semantic, as you just said, if you don't know the words, then all of this stuff will go over your head.
And more importantly, if you learn the definition of those words and all of those words are nonsense, then just like I was in 2020 arguing about coronaviruses and flu viruses and how they work, I was arguing for them.
And it is very, very possible that right now, most of the arguments about nanomedicine are
are traps in one way or another.
And again, if nanomedicine is coming, we can fight it by not allowing intramuscular injection to be a way of administering medicine.
And if nano things are coming, then it's even more important for us to understand that there was a brief period of time when they
Needed to murder people in order to manage the problem and we don't want to skip that problem We don't want to skip that part of the story We have to tell that part of the story and then they're using that to bring in all of these technologies to encourage people to develop them to move all of the piles of money around that support these ideas going from theory to practice and so
Again, I'm not, I don't want to take a stance on whether it's fake or not.
I definitely agree that these people would love to have this technology, are willing to invest years and invest in human experiments in order to get these technologies to work.
And so, of course, the overarching
Message that I've been saying is that they're trying to invert our sovereignty into test animal subjects as status And so this would go right along with it.
They're not going to be able to develop nanotechnology without us being the experimental animal.
So I Agree, and I'd love to hear you give a talk.
I just want to know where Charles Are you blocking me and mark to be on the show?
Will you shut up and as your next?
I just asked you because I was just shut up for I
Don't ask stupid questions.
Thorbjrn, thank you, JJ, on that comment.
Anders, you are being objectionable.
Behave yourself.
Thorbjrn, I'd love you to share your knowledge in this group.
Anders, I said you are next, then Mark.
Go.
Thank you very much for allowing me to be coming here.
I would say that I was
on this show a little while ago and I had a talk with JJ and he called me not an honest man, which was a bit of an offense to me.
I will not go against that now, Charles.
I would say that I'm working very closely.
Don't, because deal with the questions, deal with the issues.
Yes, yes, I will, I will.
We're not bothered about it.
I will say that I will say Charles that I'm working very closely with Robert Young and we are about to publish our understanding of what is the, let's say, connection between the, let's say, the magnetic
toxins in the vaccines and the 4G, 5G.
And this interfaction has been denied by JJ earlier.
And this is a concern because this is the most important issue of the killing mechanisms, which me and Mark agree on, which is that this
if you have a magnetic shoulder after vaccination, it is an evidence there is something bad happening.
And what we see is that a lot of people are dying.
And if you people don't want to understand the seriousness of that 17 million people have died and about four to eight, 900 million people have been wounded,
that you need to reconsider what the hell is going on.
And I would say, this is facts.
These are facts.
And if you don't want to realize these facts, it's not really my problem.
So what's the question then, Anders?
The question is, you need to realize, Steven, that you are in this group subverting the
facts of what is really going on.
That's not a question.
And Stephen, you are actually, Charles, you are really suppressing the facts.
No one answers.
Ask the question.
I'm not interested in your opinion.
Is this group part of the deep state or what?
Yes, absolutely.
Don't be ridiculous.
You are stupid to ask that question.
You need to realize you are subject to this question because this question must come to you.
Anders, do you think that I'm misleading people when I say that there was a population pyramid?
You know, JJ, if you look into your
Chinese statement in a peer-reviewed report from March 2021, you are supporting the idea that there was a virus from Wuhan.
Do you agree or do you not?
I have admitted many times that in the beginning of this pandemic, I was fooled like everyone else.
You're not dunking on me here.
It says that on my website.
It says it on my website.
It was part of the illusion, my friend.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
They caught people like me in it.
And you're trying to somehow or another undermine my confession and try to make it seem like I'm trying to sabotage.
I'm trying to admit that I was as fooled as anyone.
In fact, I was so fooled that I am the expert in this book.
And I feel like a jackass for being the expert in this book, but some of you, you don't get it.
You don't get that I've been saying that for the last two years or you're trying not to get it.
You're trying to obfuscate that idea and trying to make it about 5G or something else.
Now listen carefully, I'm gonna give you a chance.
Do you think that I'm misleading people when I suggest that Great Britain and Scotland and the Netherlands and Germany and America all had a population pyramid problem of old people that needed managing and that they murdered them in order to create this illusion that may very well be to roll out 5G technology, but in order to do it, they murdered people that needed managing.
Do you disagree with that or not?
You are muted, Anders.
Do you see how this works?
Do you agree that intramuscular injection is dumb and that all of us should have known it before the pandemic?
Or do you think I'm misleading people with that statement?
Anders, you are muted.
It's just amateur hour here.
Come on.
We're all trying to get to the truth.
We all suffered.
It's ridiculous.
Charles, move on to the next question, if you wish.
Anders, if you don't know that you're muted and you keep talking away when no one can hear you, you shouldn't be on a Zoom meeting.
You shouldn't be on a Zoom meeting, Anders.
What's your screen?
I'm happy for the answer, but I must say that it is a question which should be asked and
I am really interesting to know this group because... So you're also saying, right, Anders, you're also saying, right, that they didn't murder people in the hospitals, they murdered people with 5G, right?
No, I never said that.
I never said that.
So what did 5G cause?
What did 5G cause?
The sickness that people say was strange?
Or what did the 5G do?
And where did it do it?
Is it in proximity to certain towers that they turned on or was it just everywhere?
Can you develop this a little bit farther or is it really just trying to cover up?
Are you trying to cover up the fact?
JJ, I'm about to release a peer-reviewed paper along with Robert Young.
I got the email this morning.
And don't try to tell me that I'm a joke.
Charles, this is not going anywhere.
Nobody said that.
I'm just waiting for you to address any points instead of just making the points you made last time, which were, again, we addressed them the same way.
The point was that you called me a liar last time.
Yes.
And that's not acceptable.
Anders, we're going to Mark.
I'm not going back there.
Mark, you're next.
I think it was Mark.
I think it was actually Mark that I called the liar.
I didn't call.
I don't think I called anyone a liar.
I called Mark a liar.
JJ called me the liar, not Anders.
Yeah, that's right.
And what I want to understand is what were the lines that you thought I was telling you?
No, we're not going there.
We're not going there.
You guys can have a conversation about it.
Mark, what's your question this time?
The question is, well, I want to put it straight to JJ, right?
The 5G is instrumental in this kill, right?
Now, we know he's spoken about the vaccines and how they're dangerous.
I get that.
No, I'm not talking about that.
I don't care about that.
JJ, let me speak.
You're putting words in my mouth.
Just ask the question.
You're putting the words in my mouth.
You called us a liar.
You called me a liar.
I did.
We're not interested in who called who a liar.
Well, what was I lying about?
Listen, ask the question.
What's the question you want to ask?
JJ, listen to the question.
I think you're right.
Contamination in the vaccine is interconnected with 5G for the kill.
You called me a liar for saying that.
Can you explain?
Do you know what's in the vaccine?
And do you actually know what 5G actually is?
You also made a statement about optical radiation being safe.
I'm not saying that's nonsense in all my life.
So can you just explain what your knowledge base is of 5G or light-emitting diodes?
And so again, here we are trying to impose some kind of weird, what is your expertise?
So you're using two words together, optical radiation, which I think is just two words that actually mean light.
And you're trying to use it in a specific way, meaning that if you use certain frequencies in combination, then you can make people psycho and crazy.
And that's probably true in a laboratory setting.
However, the idea
that 5G and all these other things are responsible for the kill when we know that the simple lack of antibiotics, the application of supplemental oxygen, the lack of even giving people water, the horrible abuses that happened in the hospital are how people were killed.
That's the reason why most of the old people that died were past the years of life expectancy.
It was murder first.
And what I think you're lying about or being misled about by people who are lying to you is that this 5G thing could have some seminal role in what happened here instead of just a bunch of people lying about virology and molecular biology and the population pyramid that they needed to murder people.
in order to save that these Western economies from crashing.
And you spending your time asking me what I know about LEDs and what my knowledge base is, I'm on PubMed.
I've got 15 years of publication to tell you exactly what my expertise is.
I've had faculty positions at several universities.
This track record is available for you.
can find exactly what I know and you know exactly what you don't know.
And that's why you use terms like optical radiation and think you're dunking on someone.
It's kind of scary actually.
You should really consider who's teaching you this stuff and reconsider what their loyalties might be.
Because I think just like with the batches, you've been misled by people and misled very badly into believing that you know something that's really crucial.
when it's very simple.
Intramuscular injection is dumb and they needed to murder people in order to make us teach it to our kids.
I think, well, let me just, you know, progress this.
In New York, people are suffering from pulmiedema, that was flooding the lung, all right, like altitude sickness.
Electromagnetic radiation causes that.
So this is one of the main symptoms from electromagnetic radiation pollution and you're trying to tell me with your lack of knowledge in relation to electromagnetic radiation pollution that that wasn't the case.
Good.
Mark, stop.
We are not having an EMR discussion.
You've made the point.
JJ's answered.
You've made the comment.
We've had numerous presentations.
Mark, you've presented twice.
Anders has presented twice.
You've made the point.
On we go.
We're running out of time.
Thank you.
Teresa.
Thank you, Charles.
Sorry, JJ.
Oh, God bless you, fella.
That's hilarious.
Theresa.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you, JJ.
I missed the beginning, so I'll go back and catch it on the Rumble channel.
But everything was really great that you've been saying.
I agree with you.
I'm a bit dubious about Trump's assassination.
It's strange that RFK has appointed Huff that makes it look like we're going to go down the leak path, which is really worrying.
I agree.
Of course we are.
He's also going to provide safe vaccines.
You know that, right?
He's going to test them and they're going to work out great.
He's going to clean these up.
It's going to be awesome.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm seeing it.
I'm seeing it.
And I also agree with you that RNA can't pandemic and the intramuscular injections are done.
Now.
I have to say I was sick.
I was sick with something in 2019.
And I was sick again with something after I went to an anti-vax conference in 2022.
I was hallucinating.
I couldn't move.
It was horrible.
I don't think I
had a virus, I think I was poisoned.
A lot of people were sick after that conference.
Coming on to my question, it concerns the cancer that we're seeing.
I don't have many friends, you can imagine, but of the friends I do have, half of them have a loved one or themselves with cancer.
I've already lost a friend and also an acquaintance from what I would call turbo cancer.
They were both unvaccinated.
I've got about six people on my radar now, loved ones, friends, who have got sudden onset cancer, quite often stage three or stage four.
All but one are unvaccinated.
I spoke to a lady who is a cancer surgeon in the United States.
She's running a trial with ivermectin and fenbendazole as a treatment for cancer.
she told me that half of her turbo cancer patients are unvaccinated.
There are certain physicians now saying that something is shedding from the vaccine injured onto the unvaccinated and making them sick.
It kind of tallies because four of the friends that I know with cancer were working with the vaccine injured
you know, a GP, a herbalist, an acupuncturist who said that she was getting rashes on her arms after treating people with vaccine injury.
And I'm just wondering, what would be your take on that?
What do you think might be causing this rash of what can only be described as turbo cancer?
Because of these friends and close friends of friends,
They're dying from diagnosis to death.
They're like three weeks, four weeks.
I've got a friend who's been diagnosed with stage four cancer and he feels fine.
He doesn't even, you know, he had prostate cancer.
How did he get to stage four?
He doesn't even feel sick.
What's going on there, JJ?
So I'm not a medical doctor, so this is really just shooting in a barrel here, but
You know, this this for me would be a much more plausible reason for Anders and for Mark Steele to be arguing about 5G as a causing these cancers.
And in fact, it makes perfect sense to me that that one of the best ways to roll out something, especially because, again,
I made this point the last time when Mark was here last week, that you should be arguing about the phones then, because the phone is transmitting this shit right next to your head.
And so if 5G is a problem, then the handheld 5G receptors transmitter might be the worst of all of it.
And so they seem to be talking about when the towers were turned on, but the towers need to talk to something.
I just still can't get my head around the idea that we're giving our kids these phones when they're five or six or seven years old.
And so for me, again, we're obfuscating the idea that there has to be one cause of these turbo cancers.
If you got a hot transfection, maybe you get turbo cancer.
But if you have a new iPhone 14 and the right towers in your city, I don't know, maybe you get a glioma from that.
The gliomas that people are getting, I don't think you can blame that on the vaccine because it's not very likely that the transfection is going to make it into your glial cells.
It's going to go somewhere else before it makes it there.
And yet, you know, if you're holding the phone up to your head all day.
So for me, I don't have any easy answers.
I assure you that what they're putting in all of the shots, not just the COVID shots, can potentially be manipulated.
And so again, I'm not saying that some of the people aren't experiencing some of the things that they're experiencing, but
What I hear when Anders talks or when I hear when Mark talks is a gross overgeneralization where just like saying there's a pandemic that killed 17 million people, you generalize and say that 5G killed all those people or that all these cancers can be explained by the shot.
And that's a very, very dangerous tactic.
I think
You've got to cast the widest net possible, and I think any explanation that fits is fine with me.
We're all exposed to so much that maybe it's just all coming to a head now.
Maybe we're diagnosing better.
Maybe doctors are doing it.
I got to say, there's going to be an explanation.
We're going to find it.
And what you started with, which again, with Anders and with Mark and with Sasha Latapova and with Catherine Watt and any of these other people, the idea that they could have poisoned people in some places is, of course, plausible.
The idea that they would have used different means of creating the same confusion in different places is not only plausible, but very likely from a military perspective.
You wouldn't want to roll out the same toxin at an anti-vax conference as you did in the subways of New York, or there might be some connection there.
But if you could roll out something that irritated the lungs in New York and something that rolled out that that irritated the lungs and made you hallucinate in somewhere else, and then roll out something that made people have stomach flu elsewhere, and everything could be described as COVID, well, that's all the better for this military PSYOP.
So for me, the
I would err on the side of caution and keep your mind open, but turbo cancers are definitely something that seem to be universally acknowledged as new.
And that I think is quite significant.
Now what's causing them, especially when you, I know you're not making this up and telling me that these people are not vaccinated, I'm sure they're not.
I'm also sure that in certain scenarios, shedding has to happen.
The question is, what are they shedding?
I don't think it's guaranteed they're shedding a spike protein.
They could be shedding a toxin that was designed by DITRA or by the U.S.
military to cause irritation.
I don't know.
I mean, they tell us it's a spike protein and that it's made after this sequence in Wuhan, but none of us has the ability to sequence that RNA and verify what protein is being produced.
for sure they can produce different batches.
I mean, placebo batches, batches that are nasty and cause one thing and nasty and cause another and it wouldn't need to be very fancy.
It's just, you know, make this RNA and we know what that RNA does and make this RNA and know what this RNA does.
I, uh, well, yeah, anyway, I don't want to give too long of an answer.
I hope that that said something.
I don't really have a good answer.
I'm not an MD.
I just know that these turbo cancers, we're going to keep moving because we're tight on time.
Teresa, it's a, it's an excellent question.
And the point that I raise and raise again, look at all the people on this call.
We are.
Each not only unique, but weirdos.
And I say each one of you on this call is a weirdo and each one of your bodies functions uniquely and weirdly.
And this mad idea of EBM and protocols is such bullshit that every one of us is a simple proposition.
When I say to people I've been presenting
I've been presenting for 31 years as a professional speaker.
When I say to people, you are not the same as the people beside you, everyone agrees.
And yet we have this stupidity.
So perhaps that's an angle, Jay, in terms of culture.
We stop saying that we accept evidence-based medicine and protocols.
That's all we have to do, just talk shit.
I'm a human, I'm an individual, as the classic line goes.
Thank you, Teresa.
Johnny's next.
And Johnny's certainly a weirdo.
He's the weirdest of the weirdos that we have here.
Jay?
Thanks for that.
JJ, can you back up and tell me how Jessica Rose fits into this again?
kind of, I don't know, I'm kind of having, I'm missing where she fits.
I do know who she is.
I did write about her in my books, and she was, you know, her statistical analysis was very helpful in, I think, proving that vaccines were causing harm, but where did she go wrong with you?
Because I just, I don't know, I'm not seeing it.
She was in a stream with me and Kevin McKernan when I explained how virology is faked using infectious clones.
and how they could manufacture infinite quantities of DNA that would be perfect PCR positives and put them wherever they wanted to, whenever they wanted to, and find them however they wanted to with very high fidelity, and even fool the Chinese into thinking they found a sequence when it could have easily just been produced by very normal commercial means and then just spilled somewhere.
And she actually stated in that that was a you can find it on rumble.
It was on St.
Patrick's Day in 2023.
So that would be March 17th, I think.
And John Baldwin was the host.
Kevin McKernan tried to misconstrue what I meant by infectious clones and that I are you suggesting that they seeded this and that it spread?
And I said, no, I'm not saying that it's spread.
I'm saying that if they wanted to find a sequence somewhere, they could find it.
And if they wanted to characterize a background signal and then say they found something new, they could also do that.
And since all of these things are proprietary and virology is essentially based on this recombinant DNA, then a lot of what the no virus people say is right.
And that was all part of that discussion.
And after that is the last time Jessica Rose ever acknowledged that I existed.
So she was kind of her bailiwick, basically.
I mean, she knows.
She actually, in that talk, if you go and listen to it on Rumble, she's the one who encourages me to go back to an earlier slide deck and get my slide with the mixtape analogy so that I could explain why RNA cannot pandemic.
She actually said, wow, the idea that you explained to us was so crazy that it kept me up all night.
You got to explain it the way you explained it then.
And so after that talk, Kevin McKernan said that I was chemtrail retarded.
Jessica Rose never mentioned me again.
Stephanie Seneff never mentioned me ever.
John Bodwin says that he's afraid of me now because apparently I yelled at him on the phone too loud.
And so all of these people just vanished after I finally was able to succinctly explain.
And what did I explain?
Very succinctly that it was Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
who asked me to teach him what infectious clones were.
And three weeks later, I knew it was a lie.
And I explained it to him to the best of my ability, so much so that he put me on the Defender podcast with Jessica Rose and Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and Tess Laurie.
And they all pretended not to understand what I was saying.
And they still do today.
Just another player on Team Enigma.
I got it.
OK, thank you.
All right.
Thank you, John.
G'day, Ahmed.
One thing before we go to Glenn, then Jim.
Armour did a great interview of William Bay, and all of you need to be aware of Dr Billy Bay, an Australian who won a Supreme Court case, Supreme Court of Queensland, attacking the medical regulators who suspended him.
And rather than going through the
bullshit appeal process.
He went straight to the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court held that the actions of APRA, the Australian Regulatory Agency and the medical boards were totally unlawful and void and invalid.
And he has been he has been re licensed.
But it's an excellent interview, Ahmed.
Well done.
And we'll have a look at Stephen.
We've got to get Billy onto here because
because his courage is wonderful, the courage to stand up against the system rather than following the system.
And Billy and all of you doctors, anyone watching this recording, has to understand that if you step into the medical board system,
that is attacking you, you are stuffed.
There is no justice, as Billy Bay says, all right?
So, it's very relevant.
Armand, well done.
Get on to Armand's sub stack, put it in the chat, Armand.
All right, let's go to Glenn, then Jim.
So, Charles, if you introduce me to Bobby, is it?
Billy, William Bay.
Okay, William Bay, yeah.
Armand, Armand.
I agree, he's one of the ones I
have noticed and he needs to present to us.
We want him here.
His courage is excellent.
His thinking process is excellent.
All right.
Ahmed, organize that for Stephen to get Billy Bay onto here.
Done.
All right.
Glenn and then Jim.
Charles, Jim was next.
No, Jim wanted you to go next.
I said yes.
OK.
All right.
That's awesome.
So JJ, there's so many things I fully agree with you, especially in this space where you have the depth and the knowledge.
Oh, let me put my camera on.
From your research and your educational cycle,
Unfortunately, I think there are some areas that you kind of extend into as being associated with the overall attack that's going on.
And that presents a problem where people feel that the mix of things you understand well, like the protocols of murder, the gain of function as a mythology, the
The RNA cannot pandemic, the muscular injection is dumb, and the transfection of healthy humans was always criminal.
Those are all good and solid and associated with the knowledge space you have.
But there's certain other areas where you seem to just link people and associate them.
There's a lot of discussions around the correctness and the intent around Robert Malone.
I personally put him into the bad cycle and the evil side.
But once one does that, you can't simply say anybody that shows up in the same room with him is also guilty.
And therefore, I think you go a little too far in identifying people like Peter McCullough and Jessica Rose as also equally guilty.
And in addition, in that same kind of space, I think you've gone a bit too far in your characterizations of certain things with President Trump and the state of Israel, where these are spaces that you may have heard about and read articles.
But I'm being a fairly good expert in a number of these.
You've gone way too far with your extension and your extrapolation of your position.
What is your understanding of my position on Israel?
Because I think I made it very clear that I don't think I know anything about Israel.
And I think the only thing you know is what you know from social media.
So then what?
Well, I know far more than that because I have a direct linkage with the intel side of the U.S.
Okay, but then you heard me then.
You're mischaracterizing me and you heard me say that nobody knows and that I think everything that's there is being controlled.
You heard me say that.
So what is my position on Israel then?
What is my position that you think is not good if I'm saying that I don't know?
because you just said that I had a position that you thought I was overextended on, but I said I don't know.
So what are you doing here, Glenn?
Calm down.
No, you calm down.
You just accused me of something.
What am I doing wrong if I say I don't think that I know enough about Israel to have a stance and I think it's a trap?
What if I said the same thing about Ukraine?
And now you're actually used a pretty significant amount of time to say something about me that I don't think is accurate.
So maybe you should start over and rephrase it with a question.
Well, I mean, if your point is you don't have a position around Israel or its secret service.
What is your position on the population pyramid and the need to murder people in order to fix that problem?
I think those that have put us in this position, that that's absolutely part of it.
I also think that... And so then don't you think we should talk about that before we argue about Israel?
Because that's America.
That's murder in America.
And indeed, and indeed everybody, this is the, as a moderator, I just want, you know,
Glenn, Jay didn't go, he didn't do a treatise on Israel, he did a treatise on the population pyramid.
Now we can, as I said before, we can talk about lots of other things, and we do sometimes in this group, and we're tight for time.
So just, you know, that's where I draw the line as moderator, not because it's not free speech, but because we don't have unlimited time.
Some of you here on this call do have unlimited time,
I don't, and most people don't.
Most people do not want to be on unlimited time calls.
So Glenn, please ask your question.
Okay, then I'm going to switch it into one of the other areas.
You did specifically call out during your presentation your impression that Donald Trump's shot on his ear was a big fake.
Do you have any strong evidence of that other than
that there was a lot of other poor information being talked about at the time, including shooters on them.
That's a question.
That's that's the question.
Good.
OK.
Yeah, I do.
Actually, the the wearing of of Band-Aids at the Republican National Convention is really the same thing as wearing masks.
And if you don't see that, then you're kind of scary.
They actually performed that people actually performed for you.
to make sure that you believed that they believed that there was a shot.
Now remember, his sons are the people that brag and they take pictures with dead animals.
He's a guy who brags about his fitness, he brags about his doctors, he brags about his health.
But we haven't seen one close-up Instagram picture of his perfectly healed ear or his tiny little scar.
What I have seen are plenty of analysis of ballistics where the tiniest bullet
would tear apart the cartilage of this ear if it hit it at all.
There is no video evidence anywhere where they tried to recreate the destruction of the cartilage of the ear where the ear wasn't almost torn off.
And they used the smallest bullets with the most minute grace.
And these were actually trained soldiers that were surprising themselves when they watched the fast-forward footage or the slow-motion footage of the ear exploding.
So I strongly encourage you to consider the possibility that Elon Musk and Peter Thiel and the rest of the people that run this show are laughing.
about the fact that you think that somebody was shot.
It's crazy to think that these people spent so much time analyzing audio footage and audio recordings and video footage and deciding whether there was a shooter on which roof or from which window and we all took it very seriously just like
when they argued about it in January, about whether there's a furin cleavage site or whether there's a patent on this spike protein.
I bet you they released this already in October at the military games.
And none of those discussions ever once questioned the premise, just like the discussion of a water tower shooter or the discussion of who's going to wear a Band-Aid is immediately not questioning the premise of the narrative.
Nobody questioned the premise of the narrative, not even the Democrats.
That's how I know.
So do you care?
That's enough.
Wait, wait, wait.
No, you don't have unlimited questions.
One more question.
No, I'm not having a debate.
You asked a question, Glenn.
We're tight for time.
Listen to what I say.
He challenged my statement on an area I know a lot more than he does.
He did.
And he answered it.
He answered it.
I, I'm simply going, I want to answer the point.
He said, he's challenging that it could have happened from a shot.
And I can tell you things happen with bullets in proximity.
I have seen a deer die with a, with a 50 caliber bullet.
Excellent.
All you're doing.
So a shot going.
I'm we've had enough Jim.
so i want to just i want to give him the benefit of the doubt i want to just say that i'm not not listening to him glenn please understand that we have the state of the art of state of the art of investigative techniques in order to do the ballistics in order to to find that that crime scene could have been exhaustively exposed as being the site of a shooting and every single detail
could have been sorted and published, and it would have been fine.
But instead, we had people like Brett Weinstein and Chris Martinson and a bunch of random people like Dr. Drew talking about multiple shooters.
Not the CBS News, not the Democratic National Committee, not CNN.
None of those people cared to do any analysis at all, not questioning anything about what happened or what mistakes were made.
Only
These people who knew that there was a fear in cleavage site and knew that the spike protein was toxic and knew that it might be generating amyloid and that we're screaming about 5G.
You see the problem here?
That's the problem.
I do and that's where people were talking outside their expertise area.
This happens to be one that is my expertise area.
What does that mean that you're an expertise in assassinations or what?
You have not been watching my video on it.
What video?
What is the video about?
That there was a shooting?
And you know for sure?
This supposedly involved the child that lived two blocks from my house and goes to the same high school as my son.
Do you think I'm screwing around here, calling this out?
I walked down to that house on the day after it happened with my dog because it's that close.
Do you think I'm screwing around here?
This happened less than 45 minutes from my house.
This is not a joke to me.
All right.
That's enough.
Jim.
Hey, JJ.
Thanks very much for your insights.
I put in some documents inside the chat here, so you can read them or save the chat.
Number one, you talked about
who said the COVID was first lab created?
I think the first person who said it was January 29th, 2020.
His name is Danny Shoham.
Are you familiar with Danny Shoham?
He's an intelligent agent.
But Bannon reported Shoham on the 25th.
I don't know if he mentioned him by name, but he does mention him right after that.
So you're right.
It's all the same week though.
Okay.
I know who Danny Shoham is for sure.
Okay, good.
So, you know, Danny Shoham, okay.
Number two, are you familiar with Goldman Sachs, who made a $1.5 billion bet in November of 2019 that the entire world economy would collapse by the third week of March 2020, and if it did, they would make $100 billion?
I am aware... And they did, and they put a...
They put their money, if you're familiar with intelligence betting, you would stagger your bets out, but they put it on one date, third week of March.
And if they did bet, they bet a $1.5 billion bet November of 2019 that paid $100 billion on that date.
And then they hired the former head of MI6, a guy named Younger.
I didn't know some of these details.
I do know that Aaron Seery, the leading failure of the anti-vax movement lawyer team, he worked for Goldman Sachs and also Steve Bannon worked for Goldman Sachs.
Let me keep going and then I'll get to my question.
I'm tying it all into intelligence.
Next is Devin Dalio.
Ray Dalio is a guy who ran Bridgewater Capital.
but the guy who actually ran, who owns Bridgewater Capital, but the guy who was actually running it is a guy named Mark McCormick in 2020.
Excuse me, David McCormick.
David McCormick is now Senator from Pennsylvania.
He used to run Bridgewater Capital.
He ran the money for Goldman Sachs, okay?
And now he's Senator of Pennsylvania, your state.
Another issue is the DNA plasmids.
You're talking about an intramuscular injection.
DNA plasmids don't need refrigeration, whereas the mRNA does.
And when you thaw out mRNA, you have to thaw it out and inject it within three hours.
Many of these vials are sitting around.
The one thing that can be in the vials, the DNA contaminants that the eagle talks about, Bienevendez, talks about contaminating, and it correlates directly
with the toxicity of each vial by lot number.
So I encourage you to, you know, DNA plasmids, electroporation, intramuscular injection, that's all very real.
And that is done by a company called Inovio, I-N-O-V-I-O, and they're in Pennsylvania as well.
And they made a vaccine that actually worked because they used the, or may have worked, I'll say, because they used the DNA of the capsid protein.
You know that Robert Malone and his wife are responsible for that company originally in Norway, right?
Yeah, and that's all through the University of Pennsylvania who invented the DNA, who makes money on the mRNA vaccines as well.
So what again we're talking about we're talking about a coordinated effort to roll out I'm very detailed.
I'm getting very detailed about who's coordinating.
Yeah, I've been to all these details Five years ago already.
That's why Robert Malone and I have a have a few selfies together.
I've been chasing it, right?
I understand.
No, no, no problem.
So the next thing is the medical examiner for the for the
for Pittsburgh he cremated the body within two weeks of the shooting so uh... and the people behind some of the people standing behind trump were actually killed by the bullets so there were bullets going by uh... the issue with my question is could any intelligence media be covering this up and intelligence media is the smith munt modernization act of twenty twelve which allows propaganda on the united states citizens
Absolutely.
I believe it wholeheartedly.
That's what I'm trying to say.
People like Brent Weinstein are working on that.
I agree.
And is there an intelligence medical division in a group called Six Eyes that could have designed the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein?
And that intelligence network is in a book called Rainbow Six.
and they describe a virus being released.
I've heard of that.
And games and a vaccine being worse than the virus to depopulate the earth in name of of economic, excuse me, radical environmentalists.
So could this be an intelligence effort?
And if so, which country has not signed the
biological weapons convention that prevents the, and the real question is how could they prevent their families from being affected by it, or how could they prevent certain people by being affected?
by this weapon while mandating it be disseminated on everybody in the United States and the world?
That's enough questions.
The main one being that I don't think transmission is very likely.
I mean, that's the easiest way.
Just keep away from the peasants and transmission doesn't happen.
Even shedding
I think is a, not saying it's not happening.
Please understand, I'm not saying the shedding is not happening.
I think it's quite rare.
It has to, you have to be transfected in a place in your body where the long-term production of the protein will continue.
And I don't know if that means it has to go to your liver or it has to go somewhere else.
I don't know what that would be, but that would be my guess.
And so again, the answer,
long and short is that I really think that this goes back to the Human Genome Project and the need to collect as much data as possible while the population is as large as it is, knowing that it's not always going to be this large and that they have every intention of reducing it.
They need to collect this data now, so they need to invert our sovereignty and if part of that
inversion is to get us to accept pandemics so that we accept all the countermeasures that come with it, then yes, for sure.
Just keep in mind that my answer is being hedged because I want you to consider the possibility that they can't just kill us, just like the Nazis didn't just kill people.
They did experiments on them first and they kept meticulous records.
And I think they're doing that to us now.
And so if they're killing us, they're doing it in a meticulous enough way so that they're using us on the way out and they're going to do it to our kids too.
Thank you, Jay.
Thank you, Jim.
We've got three more.
Lars, James, Ahmed, and then Stephen.
We'll declare another 20 minutes if you've got time, Jay.
Sure.
I guess I can do that.
20 more minutes and then we'll stop.
Okay.
Thank you, Jim.
Hi, JJ.
I don't have a question for you.
I sent you an email today.
Hey, it's Lars.
Hello.
Yes.
Check your inbox if it's important to you and send me the answer and we'll fix it.
Very good.
Yep.
Lars, very efficient.
I like it.
Good job.
James, good to see you.
Well done on all your ongoing great work.
I trust you can hear me?
Yep.
Wonderful.
JJ, I have an affinity for all of your work for a strange reason, because I grew up in Youngstown, Ohio.
I've got family in Pittsburgh, and every time I see your face or your name, it makes me think of my childhood, okay?
I would love to have an opportunity to talk with you.
I want to support what you're doing.
I put my contact information every place I go.
It's in the chat right now.
Please call me at your earliest convenience.
Not immediately after this, because we're going to eat lunch.
But I definitely really have experienced many similar things dealing with people that you have talked about.
So I hear you.
Charles, I'd like to get in line behind Thor.
I'd love to talk about the project that I'm working on when you have a chance for me to present.
I would love to do that.
And Dr. Malik, I'd love to talk to you about that as well.
here is invited to look at what I'm doing.
And if you want to give me your two cents and you want to help, I'm as open as open can be.
Give me a call.
Love to talk to anybody here.
I really can help.
I would love to hear it.
Who's saying that?
I'm helping.
Thorbjrn.
Oh, I see.
Amazing.
We've got James.
We've got Thorbjrn as a speaker.
We've got James as a speaker.
We've got Billy Bay as a speaker.
Ahmed.
We've got Ahmed as a speaker now.
But anyway, talk to Jay.
I just want to say very quickly, I really enjoyed watching Thorbjrn smoke and eat and smoke.
It's just been fantastic.
Anyway, moving on.
JJ, I totally agree with you about the ear and the ballistics.
Yeah, it just would not happen.
You know, I've seen enough injuries with rounds and bullets as an orthopaedic surgeon to know there's no way it would have nicked his ear and he wouldn't have gone deaf.
And if you look, he clutched his ear.
And when he gets up to do the fist pump, his cuff is completely clean.
There's no blood on his palm.
I'm telling you right now, the ear is one of the most bloody parts of your body.
There would be blood everywhere.
And that little streak of blood across his chest.
It's all theatre and anyone who falls for it and all the ballistics and the set, it's all bullshit.
You're just getting lost in the crap.
It's just theatre and it's garbage.
And if you're falling for it, I'm sorry, you're a schmuck.
But anyway, JJ, my question to you is,
my friend, on your podcast, you said, I'm a globalist serving American interfering, blah, blah, blah, dude.
Where did you come up with that from?
And why did you say that?
So it's pretty harsh comments.
I'd love to have the evidence to back it up.
Did anybody pay for a studio in your backyard?
Nope.
You bought that yourself?
Built it yourself?
Yes.
Like I said, I want evidence.
Have you got evidence?
I'm asking, when did you decide to speak out again?
How did it actually work for you?
What did you lose?
It's all there.
It's on public.
Everything's on Twitter, Instagram.
I've told you on Signal personally.
And so why do you have a penchant for people like Sasha Latupova, for example?
Do you not understand what she's done with her daughter?
You didn't investigate that at all?
You just give people a platform?
Sorry, penchant?
Penchant for Sasha?
What does that mean?
It's a for me for me liking the the it's it's strange that that My first podcast of yours was behind a paywall until I complained about it.
It's very much the same as like that's not true Signal I've measured yeah, you can say that on signal but it doesn't change the fact that it was true.
It was always public and
The second one was always public.
It's curious how those things change.
And it's fine.
The bottom line is that you're somebody who spoke out when it was too late to save anybody.
You still haven't really said that it's murder.
You still haven't really acknowledged that it's actually supplemental oxygen that was used in the United States.
You haven't acknowledged that there's an opioid epidemic
that even Mark Kulak was on your stream to talk to you about, and you decided to ridicule him about it instead of just giving that message out.
How did I ridicule him?
Oh, I play your voice message several times on my stream.
So you played my private voice message to him.
Yeah, the one that you insulted him about.
You made it public and then therefore ridiculed him.
I did, because people are being murdered and you're lying about it.
That's why I made it public.
That's right.
I think you're, I think you're, I think you are actually taking a lot of money.
In fact, you tried to get a lot of money from the wellness company.
Did you not?
Is that also a personal email that nobody was supposed to see?
Have you read my email thread?
So basically your rationale, let me speak now.
Your rationale is anyone who wakes up to things after you did is basically not sincere and not legitimate and shouldn't be allowed to wake up.
Yes, anybody, anybody that lacks the humility that you do.
that lacks the humility that you do, yes, yes, definitely.
You had no principles when it counted.
So what you're trying to say is there's an hierarchy of awake, and if you've been awake from the beginning, great, and anyone who wakes up later on is not to be trusted.
How are we ever going to get
You woke up after Robert Malone visited you.
You woke up after Robert Malone encouraged you to start a podcast.
You woke up when Robert Malone suggested you do a podcast.
You... Oh.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
i am not working as an orthopedic surgeon anymore i don't know what more of a sacrifice that would unbelievable sacrifice right and that comes back now you're paying all of your bills with a podcast isn't that great with a little explain with a little tiny studio in your backyard what the details are
nice big rumbles, contract, or something like that.
You mean murder?
You don't mention murder.
Murder in Scotland, murder in the UK, murder in the United States.
It's not mentioned.
It's just not mentioned.
We're all fascinated by you.
Sorry, what?
JJ, you're muted.
Oh, I didn't mute me.
Somebody muted me.
No, I'm actually quite, I think... I muted you because Ahmed was speaking and we can't have two people talking at once.
So, Jay, we're now listening to you.
No, it's okay.
I don't have much more to say.
I firmly believe that Ahmed Malik was recruited and has been working with people like Robert Malone, Meryl Nass, Sasha Latupova, CHD and the wellness company who wouldn't give him a job.
trying to find a way to grift on the back of this fake pandemic and participate in the destruction of the West.
And I think that's what he's doing.
And he's making a fine living doing it.
And more power to him.
I hope his kids grow up well.
I'm at any final voice before we go to Thomas and then Stephen and then we're finishing.
So basically I've been recruited by the CIA, but I'm still trying to get a job.
No, I didn't say CIA.
I didn't say CIA.
I said Robert Malone.
I said Panda and Heart.
I said all of them.
Do you want to come and fix my leaky roof then?
Oh, please, man.
Since I'm rolling in it.
Since I'm so rich.
Please, my friend, please.
The lies are said.
The smile on your face is what caught... You're not angry, and that's why.
Because you haven't lost anything and you haven't risked anything.
Because I'm not like you.
No.
It's because you're lying.
I can't talk.
I need to talk, right?
I'm not filled with darkness because if you're gonna defeat the enemy and the darkness you need to be filled with the light And I think really you need to go on a mushroom trip Oh my gosh
I've got to take drugs.
We don't all need to be different.
He recommended that I take drugs.
What a sad little man.
Thomas, thanks, Ahmed.
Anyway, I'd just like to say I like both these guys, JJ and Ahmed, and I think it's a pity that both of you are engaging in slagging each other off.
Stephen, according to JJ's logic, that means that you're part of the enemy as well.
No, because unlike you, he has promoted me to other people.
Unlike you, he has promoted me to other people.
Unlike you, Stephen Frost promotes me to other people.
He represents my ideas to other people.
He asks and checks my ideas with other people.
Unlike you, who has a podcast and has had me on a couple times, but never checked my ideas with anybody else, never tried to contrast my ideas with anybody else's.
In fact, you're just a guy who has a podcast, but no real insight into anything.
and good luck with that.
So, unless I'm promoting you 24-7 and I'm your personal... None!
I'm talking about none.
I'm part of the problem.
Who's right?
Do you know anything about who's right?
Are you making any decisions or you're just interviewing people like a Joe Rogan?
This is unedifying.
Next, Thomas.
Oh, what a pathetic man.
Guys, calm down, please.
I love you both.
I mean, I'm not... Can I just say one thing?
Ahmed, you need to understand that JJ did lose... Sorry, JJ, you need to understand that Ahmed did lose his profession as well as his job.
Good.
Thomas?
As did I. I agree with almost everything you say.
You know this.
I think I have a good gut feeling concerning Ahmad.
I had it from the start.
One thing we must be careful is to judge people from the distance.
I mean, when this whole thing started, I thought, oh my God, how can everybody in politics, in media, in medicine, et cetera, become evil overnight?
And the truth is they have not.
I mean, this is a conspiracy of a bunch of psychopaths.
And then there is the convergence of interests.
I mean, such a banality of evil is only possible because many people join their bandwagon for personal interests.
And I think it's really difficult to say that everybody
Who mentions he's on the other side, he's really on the other side.
I fully agree concerning Robert Malone.
I mean, yeah, he's a clown and a joke, but I guess many, many people there are not on the other side, or at least I'm not sure.
And I think it's very difficult and problematic to say if that's this
certitude as you do, that they are on the other side.
This is just my recommendation.
I love you and you do a great job, but there I recommend to be a little bit more careful.
I would just submit to you, Thomas Binder, with the utmost humility.
You're one of my heroes, of course, and I say this with the utmost humility.
Ahmed Malik has
has emails and private messages and signal chats where if you saw them all, you would see it.
And I have these... You have no right to see his emails.
Please talk to Thomas and stop attacking Ahmed.
Well, but I mean, what if I'm not allowed to say why... I'm not interested in attacks.
I don't give you the gift.
You will not attack people.
You don't need to.
You're too brilliant.
Is it attacking people to say that they have communicated with me?
You have not seen all of Ahmed's emails.
That's bullshit.
Not my emails.
The emails he sends to me.
the text messages that he sends to me.
I have a right to make a decision about him based on that relationship that is not just me.
I don't give a shit about your conclusion.
Let's move on.
Yeah, but now you're playing their game.
Now you're discounting my personal experience.
And my personal experience is these people lying to me.
I mean, sorry if that's the problem.
Sorry if that's a problem.
Yes, it is a problem.
Grow up, Stephen.
Oh my gosh, that is sad.
I don't think anybody does themselves any favours by engaging in this kind of chit-chat.
Do people lie?
Do people lie or not?
JJ, I want to do you a favor by saying I've spoken to you privately many times, and I've said that to you.
You don't need to engage in this, JJ, but what you've spoken about today was very important because I think you've explained to us.
Notice that Ahmed Malik did not challenge intramuscular injection is dumb.
In fact, he didn't want to talk about it at all because he's not trying to win.
If he was trying to win, like I said, he would say, Jay's a dick, but he's right about this.
And he didn't say that.
He didn't say it at all and none of them have said it.
I'm done.
I'm sorry that this didn't work out.
I'm sorry that I'm not getting my message through.
But it's a lot of work.
It's a lot of work.
I've spent a lot of time on this and I've done a lot of reading that these ideas come from.
I'm not pulling them out of the air and I'm not making these judgments very, very off the cuff.
I have years.
I know you are.
I'm just saying that I'm kind of tired and I don't have much more to say because
I shouldn't have to defend myself.
My track record speaks for itself.
You've got hours and hours of my stuff, and I've never, ever, ever said I
I just got through saying today that I think Mark Bailey has had most of this right, and yet everybody ignores it.
I've just gotten through saying that they murdered people with specific ways in specific places, but now everybody is still ignoring it.
And that is the message.
The message is that they murdered people because they had to, and they took advantage of it to tell a story to cover up all these lies that have been going on for a couple generations.
And if you want to add to that 5G or magnetism or control of the weather, I don't care.
because it still stays the same message.
Intramuscular injection is dumb, and they murdered people and lied about it in order to make us teach our kids that it wasn't.
And if we don't focus on that point, and that RNA cannot pandemic, we're done.
We're enslaved because we're arguing about something that ultimately is not a first cause.
It's like,
You got to go down all the way to the bottom.
And the bottom is, is they will murder people and lie about it.
They've lied about World War II.
They've lied about AIDS.
They lie about homelessness.
They lie about taxes.
They lie about everything.
And they murdered people and they lied about that too.
That's it.
Good.
David, last question, comment.
We're finishing.
Thank you, Jay.
Well, I still think that the most important thing is to change public opinion about, or at least get a good 10% more people on our side in the UK, for example.
And I think that people are very confused about what's happened in the last five years.
And they have no idea what's happened to them and the seriousness of it.
And we need to explain to these people
So I think I've said it before, JJ, it's not a criticism, it's just you.
You have, how should I say, you have such a knowledge of biology that some things are so obvious to you that they don't need to be said.
And I said it earlier, I'll say it again, just to kind of nail it down, that I think it's not so much to me, the
the intramuscular injection is dumb they might not understand the nuance of that and the other things you've been saying so I think what the public need to understand is that they've been lied to seriously lied to by their own government and psychologically tortured into a state of Stockholm syndrome and they don't even know it and they're still in that Stockholm syndrome and and we need to tell
people as often as we can.
There was no pandemic and there was no COVID-19.
So what the hell were we locked up for?
Good.
Okay.
Thank you for that statement.
Thank you everybody for being here.
We'll see you next time.
Charles, let JJ have the last word.
It's very okay.
Please let Charles have the last word.
I am just grateful you guys even give me a microphone.
So thank you very much.
And have a great new year.
Thank you, Jay.
Thank you, Steven.
Thanks, everybody, for being here.
Have a good night.
And we're back again, not on New Year's Eve, on New Year's Day.
We're back on Sunday next week.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
Thank you.
All right, guys.
I'm sorry about that.
I try my best, and it's always, they pull it all out of me.
I try my best to remember all the points that I need to remember.
I try to bring it back to the center all the time.
And I just, sometimes I can't take it.
Sometimes it drives me nuts.
And I don't know if Ahmed Malik's a bad guy or not, but once again, I think I made the point at the end.
If he's not a bad guy, then he should be saying what I'm saying because nobody else is saying it better than me.
and that's part of what frustrates me.
You can't have this meeting of the medical doctors for COVID ethics and have me come in there and hit home runs for nine innings straight and then leave and there's still a debate about who's playing the best baseball.
I'm tired of it.
They have all these other people in there to try and explain what's going on, and they don't manage to hit any home runs or convince anybody of anything or explain the big picture in the way that I do.
And yet somehow or another, after hitting home runs for nine innings straight, everybody just goes home as if they've never seen anything extraordinary at the baseball field today.
And I don't think, besides Mark Kulak, I don't think there's anybody else who can explain what happened as succinctly as I can with the potential for going into depth on some of these questions that I can.
And yet, for some reason or another, Ahmed Malik doesn't come on to challenge my biology.
He comes on to make fun of whether or not he's a good guy or not.
But what I'm suggesting to you is, if these people are good guys, then what they would say is, Jonathan Cooey's a dick, but he's gosh darn right about this stuff.
and they don't.
And that's how you know.
That's really what I think.
I think that's how easy, that's how close we are to winning.
That's it.
Like if they addressed my points and just addressed the points, we would win.
That's what I see.
So I don't really know what else to say besides that.
What am I doing here?
Resume, escape.
this one current slide switching over to here oh no here so anyway um this video will be up uh right away i think i'm also live on twitch i'm not sure i think i am um i tried to stream it straight because i didn't want to try and edit it um this has been gigo and biological just trying to give another presentation where somebody gets it right um
I'm gonna be back online.
I had some problems with my sound.
How is the sound right now?
By the way, that's a great question I have two sound boards in cooperation now one under the table and one over here because the 48 volt phantom power in this big board went out and so I had to
regulate this a little bit.
And it wasn't very, the solution is not elegant.
So there's a new piece of equipment coming from eBay in the next couple of days.
But if the sound is good, then I guess I solved the problem.
And that means I can stream tomorrow.
Thank you very much for being here and for having the patience to follow me as long as you have.
And if you can, and aren't already, please go to Gingko and Biological and find a way to support the stream.
Thank you very much.
And I'll see you again tomorrow.